We are engineers, high line workers, power plant managers, accountants, electricians, project coordinators, risk analysts, customer service operators, community representatives, safety and security specialists, communicators, human resources partners, information technology technicians and much, much more. We are 3,300 people committed to enhancing the lives of the communities we serve. Together, we are powering the growth and success of our community progress every day!Grade: 14, 15, 16Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.
Do you wake up every morning wanting to make a difference in the world? If you can manufacture something that will literally change and enhance the lives of people throughout the world does it motivate you? Here at Modus Advanced we make custom components that go into innovative products that are impacting everyone from our Navy Seals and Troops to patients needing life saving medical devices and treatments. Everyday, we remain passionate and committed because what we do matters!Please watch the video below if you would like to learn more (you may need to paste the link into your browser):https://share.vidyard.com/watch/it7DZuHLFEmyU1Y9gTptEP?An ideal candidate for this position would have an Engineering background and is eager to make a significant contribution!
Intro (Use Font Arial 12):As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be a part of the team responsible for making it easy to deploy, manage, and monitor machine learning models at scale in production. You will join a team that developes the infrastructure to facilitate model orchestration. Collaborate with both data scientists and platform engineers to create intuitive and resilient solutions. You will also be expected to follow the best practices of Agile software development, including high coding quality with testing coverage, and continuous integration and deployment of your solutions.What You'll Be Doing:Design and build scalable machine learning infrastructure for model management, continuous training and deployment, and serving predictions.Support the operation services and set up monitoring, to keep our services at the highest level of service agreement.Location and Travel Details:Profile of Success:About AIS:EEO Statement:
OverviewAlliant is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join its Data Science team to build predictive machine learning models and perform customer segmentation. The ideal candidate will be data-curious and willing to participate with a team driven to provide direct and digital marketing clients with innovative, profit-building solutions. The successful candidate will have a wide-range of experience building machine learning models and presenting the results to marketing teams and senior management. Additionally, candidates should be highly experienced with Python, SAS, large-scale databases, web analytics and data manipulation. This position will report to the Vice President of Data Science and become a key contributor to a skilled predictive modeling and analytics team.Principal Responsibilities:
Company Overview:Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals comprised of nationally-renowned educators, curriculum experts, developers, artists, writers, designers, engineers, producers, product managers, analysts and marketing experts! Together we develop engaging, effective digital learning technology and content to help children build a strong academic foundation for lifelong success.Our flagship product ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academyå¨ is a comprehensive online curriculum and the #1 digital learning product for young children. To-date, more than 30 million children worldwide have completed over 8 billion Learning Activities on ABCmouse. We recently launched Adventure Academy, the first massively multiplayer online (MMO) game designed specifically to help elementary- and middle-school-aged children learn. It features thousands of engaging Learning Activities‰ÛÓincluding minigames, books, original animated and live action series, and more‰ÛÓin a fun and safe virtual world. Other Age of Learning programs include immersive English language learning products for children in China and Japan; ReadingIQ, a digital library and literacy platform; and a groundbreaking personalized, adaptive digital learning system that individualizes math instruction for every child through AI-driven technology.
nan
Position OverviewOur Senior IT Systems & Network Engineers hold a wealth of knowledge regarding complex LAN and WAN network infrastructure. They are able to provide the highest level of network system maintenance and support, and are expected to have leading-class knowledge of hardware, software, networking, and security. A Senior Systems & Network Engineer should have years of experience working in the field, and should have a strong background in customer service and team leadership. Individuals must possess excellent technical and troubleshooting skills, and must also have outstanding personal skills as working closely with customers is imperative.Note: This position is generally not remote. We may consider select remote candidates who are located within Iowa. Candidates outside of Iowa will be required to relocate to the Iowa Great Lakes region.
Leidos is looking for scientific programmers with an aerospace or mechanical engineering background to support our growing work in the Eglin office. In this capacity you will propose, design and develop new Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) tools to support the design and analysis of high speed weapons systems. Leidos presently uses deep learning Artificial Neural Networks (ANN)s for the purpose of providing fast running models, and thus you would maintain existing ANN‰Ûªs in addition to developing new ANN based fast running models.In this position you will work directly with accomplished aerospace, mechanical, and electrical engineers both internal to Leidos and with external customers. You will need to effectively propose new research ideas to the customer, execute on the research, and present verbal and written status reports. The ability to publish research papers in academic journals and present conference papers is a requirement.EligibleNoSecretYes, 10% of the time40DayProfessionalSoftware Engineering
IT Support Engineer (Networking)Location: Henderson, NVExperience: 1 to 5 YearsAre you interested in expanding your technical leadership expertise in a highly challenging state-of-the-art engineering environment?If so, Thermo Systems is offering an exciting opportunity to take your IT career to the next level. As an IT Support Engineer for Thermo Systems, some overnight and project business travel is required.Who We Are:
About JLG, an Oshkosh companyJLG began in 1969, when our founder, John L. Grove set out to resolve growing safety concerns in the construction industry. Since then we have been committed to understanding the challenges and delivering innovative solutions to the access market. We partner with customers to provide quality equipment, training opportunities and trusted support within the access industry. We are a global company, and our products‰ÛÓincluding mobile elevating work platforms, telehandlers, utility vehicles and accessories‰ÛÓcan be found all over the world.JOB SUMMARY:The Data Scientist responsibilities include working through the entire data science lifecycle with an emphasis on applying their data mining and predictive modeling expertise. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential, along with a deep curiosity and passion for research. The role will include mentoring other members of the Advanced Analytics & Insights team. This role will be responsible for preparing and delivering the results of their analysis. The ultimate goal of this role will be to help the company utilize data and analytics to generate business value.
Bluewrist Inc. develops and markets industrial automation solutions in the areas of robotics and machine vision, including solutions for robot guidance, bin-picking, flexible inspection, 3D scanning and robot calibration. We are a technology driven company with world class clients around the world.We offer exceptional opportunities including career development, training and growth from within potential for skilled, motivated professionals. We are a proud Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to providing our employees work-life balance with competitive compensation packages including:Top wagesBenefits for you and your dependentsVacation and Personal days
Job Posting End Date: April 20Unum is a company of people serving people. As one of the world's leading employee benefits providers and a Fortune 500 company, Unum's financial protection benefits help protect more than 36 million working people and their families from the financial impact of illness or injury. Unum's three distinct, but similarly focused US businesses ‰ÛÒ Unum US, Colonial Life, and Starmount Life ‰ÛÒ are each a market leader in making disability, life, accident, critical illness, dental, and vision insurance accessible in the workplace.Headquartered in Chattanooga, Tennessee, Unum also has significant US operations in Portland, Maine, - and over 35 field offices nationwide. Colonial Life is headquartered in Columbia, South Carolina with over 40 field offices nationwide. Starmount Life is based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and is the dental and vision center of excellence for Unum in the US.General SummaryThis position for a developing data scientist who is excited to transform data into actionable insights and impact the business through his/her work. The role requires increasing technical expertise in the fields of computer programming, applied statistics and data manipulation; and relies on developing business knowledge. The individual will participate in project work primarily within the functional area, with direction and review by manager. The individual is expected to continuously increase business knowledge and take initiative in identifying and executing analytical approaches to support assigned projects.Position will interface with actuaries on pricing, reserving, and risk.Unum
Building Science, Research Engineer III‰ÛÒ Sustainable ConstructionHome Innovation Research Labs is looking for an inspired building scientist/building construction engineer to join our research team responsible for programmatic efforts in the fields of energy efficiency, energy modeling, technology innovation, and green building in residential construction.Requirements:Minimum 5 years of relevant experience.MS Mechanical, Civil/Structural, or Electrical Engineering (BS with commensurate experience).Have demonstrated ability to support, lead, and manage both government and industry complex research projects to completion on time and within budget.
IAI is looking for a talented research scientist to contribute to research and development efforts in machine learning, graph theory, and scientific software development. The candidate will incorporate novel ideas and improve the state of the art on advanced projects related to processing of large networks, analyzing data in high dimensions and implementing high performance computing software. Additionally, the candidate will develop a portfolio of related research by extending existing work and proposing new methods with novel application domains.You are highly encouraged to apply if you enjoy working with data and algorithms, passionate about understanding how things work, want to solve complex problems and strive to stay current on the technology and literature in areas of high performance computing, network analysis and machine learning.
Sr. Data Scientist-Precision MedicineRequisition #: 333944Location: Johns Hopkins Health System, Baltimore, MD 21201Category: Information TechnologyWork Shift: Day ShiftWork Week: Full Time (40 or 36 hours)Weekend Work Required: NoDate Posted: March 23, 2021Sr Data Scientist - Precision MedicineRequisition ID 333944Work Location: This position will be remote and have the option to transition to Johns Hopkins locations around Baltimore, MD
Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.The Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.
You're an experienced engineer with broad experience with the entire app development process. You have the intuition and creativity to anticipate the user's needs and impulses to deliver a delightful user experience.You've previously developed applications from beginning to end in Android/iOS platforms. You're used to working independently without a lot of direction and have a good understanding of everything that needs to be considered when building apps from scratch.You are passionate about detail and are interested in delving into projects involving machine learning and AI, telematics, and vision systems.This positions focus:You will use customer input and sales information to design, develop, test, and implement complex software programs and applications for our seed research equipment.
Ezoic, a VC backed Google Certified Publishing Partner is an easy-to-use, yet incredibly sophisticated machine learning platform that allows digital publishers to automatically test content, layouts and ads to enhance user experience and increase digital revenue. Our platform reaches more than 300 million unique individuals each month and is growing quickly.We're looking for a highly-motivated, self-starting DevOps Engineer that is excited to learn new cloud technologies and languages. You will help manage our infrastructure within AWS to keep the thousands of sites we power running smoothly. You'll also be involved in our CI/CD pipeline to keep our software engineers moving quickly, and use infrastructure as code to keep our systems up to date.This is a full-time employee position, no C2C please.
Machine Learning Engineer - Radar (Top Secret Clearance rqd)If you are a Machine Learning Engineer with active Top Secret Clearance, please read on!Top Reasons to Work with UsWe have a small company culture and offer extremely competitive compensation packages, including generous retirement package, company-paid PPO health insurance, generous vacation policy, and a company-wide bonus plan.We have exciting contracts and projects with US government agencies, working on the bleeding edge of Deep Learning and Machine Learning technology.You will work closely with a small team of leading Engineers and Scientists in this space, solving complex challenges and delivering solutions that ensure out country's security!- 401k - including 15% company contribution towards retirement, whether or not you contribute to the plan yourself!All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.‰ÛÒ In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
Manufacturing Test EngineerWe are currently in search of a Manufacturing Test Engineer to join our Industrial Engineering department of the Marquardt Group in our location Cazenovia (USA).The Manufacturing Test Engineer is responsible for the design and development of automated test systems for Marquardt‰Ûªs high-volume manufacturing facility working with the Test Engineering Department to develop a testing strategy. Additionally, the Test Engineer will troubleshoot quality issues and high PPM to help facilitate solutions.This position is also referred to as a Test Equipment Design Engineer or Test Design Engineer.Essential Responsibilities:Casey Korzen, +1 248-293-7781Recruiting-US-CA@marquardt.com
IntroductionASML US brings together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world‰Ûªs leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, the Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Chandler Arizona, San Jose and San Diego California, Wilton Connecticut, and Hillsboro Oregon.Job Mission
About The Role:As a Software Engineer, you will provide product teams‰Ûª software development and product delivery support for the full product stack. In this role, you will be responsible for product delivery and product lifecycle with direction from the Product Owner, the Solution Owner and technical guidance from Solution Architects.What You'll Get to Do:Support software development by providing engineering patterns to deliver the optimal product; including communicating design patterns. Mentor other engineers. Provide overall technical leadership to smaller working teams as needed.
We are seeking a Software Engineer that loves working on the web and mobile platforms to join our team of passionate coders in a modern development environment. Our Agile teams collaborate to define requirements, design and create solutions that target complex business problems. Our focus is on building the highest quality applications using cutting-edge technologies to satisfy market needs.LocationLatham, New YorkResponsibilitiesCollaborate to refine requirements, design and create solutions which target defined business needs.
Provides engineering support by the programming of PLC and PC -based applications and performing the following duties:Primary ResponsibilitiesDesign, develop and maintain software for machine control applications.Participate in the customization of existing products and development of new products.Provide debug and post-sale support for Preco equipment.Ensures software designs meet equipment requirements and are completed on time.Works individually or a part of a team depending on a project‰Ûªs scope.
Job Description:Starting from $95,000Torch offers the traditional benefits, such as medical and dental insurance, but other unique benefits as well. Torch provides its employees with a comprehensive set of health care and retirement benefits; one we consider superior to those offered by other companies in the industry. In fact, Torch was recognized by the Principal Financial Group as one of the ‰ÛÏThe Principal 10 Best Companies for Employee Financial Security‰Û in a national competition of small businesses based on an assessment of company benefit and retirement plans.
Looking for a opportunity in a growing company that appreciates both it's employees and clients?AIT Business Technologies, LLC, a locally-owned, non-franchise, and reputable IT consulting firm is seeking a new member to join our team of IT professionals. We are a firm that values relationships with our clients and employees alike. Duties include remote and on-site support, troubleshooting, engineering, and installation of equipment and software for businesses in and around the Appleton, WI area.The ideal candidate is professional, outgoing, and knowledgeable in the following core technologies:Microsoft Windows Server 2008/2012/2016/2019
Job DescriptionENSCO, Inc., is seeking a Software Engineer who has worked at or with the Air Force Research Laboratory in Rome, New York. Candidate will be working with the customer and the technical lead to tackle challenging problems within the RF/Cyber domain. Responsibilities includes, but not limited to conducting rapid Research & Development (R&D), design, prototyping, demonstration, scenario development, experimentation and evaluation, integration, testing, analyzing results/data, technical installation, and transition of software/hardware products.Qualifications Required (Skills)Bachelor's degree or equivalent min 3 yrs relevant experience
Abaco Systems is seeking Software Test engineering professionals with experience in test development and product qualification. We are interested in highly motivated, hands-on, engineers with a proven record of success in development through the implementation phases of tests. Abaco‰Ûªs Test Engineering team consists of fast-paced developers working on ruggedized product test solutions, supporting a global company providing turnkey and off the shelf products for the defense and science industries. Join us in a collaborative hands-on environment that fosters engineering excellence, creativity, and innovation.Role Responsibilities:Develop and maintain automated test sequences, software, firmware, and scripts to validate our products during development through manufacturing.
We‰Ûªre looking for an Advanced Software Engineer to join our Banking Tech Ops- tooling and automation team! This team focuses on our Xperience product group. We are a driven, creative, and energetic team that works in a flexible and agile fashion to help bridge the gap between product development and product support of enterprise products for the financial market that are used by thousands of Banking operations users every day. This team helps to automate applications, API‰Ûªs, and services. The team works with enterprise applications to diagnose and troubleshoot problems.MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:Minimum of 5 years of enterprise C#, .NET. and WPF Software Development experience.PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
ResponsibilitiesSTRATTEC Security Corporation is one of the world's largest suppliers providing access and security systems to the automotive market. This drives us to be an innovative company with the latest technology. STRATTEC creates exciting opportunities to people who like to work in an environment that challenges them to be creative, deal with multiple customers and projects, and research the latest technology. You will help STRATTEC to be a pioneer by working closely with the largest automotive customers in the world along with the largest electronic partners.Let us know who you are! We want to know what motivates you and why you are the ideal candidate for our growing team. The ideal candidate will possess a team oriented attitude; have a multidiscipline background, and a passion for innovation. We are looking for leadership skills to develop a new group internally.
nan
Job DescriptionWE MAKE COMPUTERS THAT CAN SEECognex is the global leader in the exciting and growing field of machine vision. With over $600 million of cash in the bank and no debt, we are a financially strong international company with a culture that maintains a fast paced, creative environment. Our employees, proudly called ‰ÛÏCognoids,‰Û take their work but not themselves seriously. Our Work Hard, Play Hard, Move Fast culture recognizes our employees for their innovation, perseverance, and hard work in a fun, rewarding, and quirky environment.The Team
nan
ABC Supply, the nation‰Ûªs largest distributor of select exterior and interior building products, is currently seeking a Data Science Software Engineer to deliver analytics solutions for the enterprise. ABC has built a world class platform in Azure using Data Lake, Databricks and Snowflake. You will be working on the leading edge of data engineering. As a member of the Enterprise Analytics team at ABC you will be delivering high impact solutions driven by our executive leadership. ABC Supply has been the recipient of the Gallup Great Workplace Award for 14 consecutive years and is proud to be an employee-first company.The Engineer will report to the Enterprise Analytics Engineering Manager, partners with BI and Software Engineers, Analysts, Data Scientists, business stakeholders and Enterprise Analytics leadership. This role is a generalist role in our organization with a wide range of opportunities. Depending on the advanced analytical solution you will be working on, work can range from CI/CD pipeline work, data engineering, automating the disparate processes to create the end solution and/or producing an api endpoint to leverage the solution. At times we will have the potential for light application or front-end development as well. We work in general as an Agile/Scrum team and this individual will potentially contribute and participate in stakeholder meetings.
Job SummaryCarnegie Robotics is seeking creative, energetic and driven Software Engineers with strong hands-on development skills to work on a variety of interesting and challenging robotics perception and control projects. This position provides the opportunity to join a team of talented veterans in the robotics field and program advanced sensors and autonomous robots from the ground up. The ideal applicant for this position has brains, creativity, and strong experience developing and testing software for robotics and/or sensing applications. We seek candidates who take pride in building solid, rigorously tested systems. Experience and interest in production-level coding and testing methods is a plus for this position.Responsibilities and Duties
nan
Our doors are open ‰ÛÒ to you. As one of the top three companies for access and security solutions worldwide we make life easier, smarter and more secure. We are a trusted partner that stands for innovation, top performance and a fulfilling workplace. Join our team of 16,000 colleagues around the world and help us build trust every day.Systems EngineerLexington, US, 40508Mar 27, 2021POSITION OVERVIEW:dormakaba is seeking a Systems Engineer to join the Lexington, KY engineering team. This position will be responsible for leading activities for system design and assisting in the development of access control systems and commercial locksets in the New Product Development Engineering group.
The RoleSelf-motivated individual responsible for the complete life cycle of new software products along with modifications to existing software. You will be involved in all aspects of a project including pre-studies, requirement engineering, design, implementation, testing, documentation, training and support.Duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to:Participate in customer visits to gather requirements and assist with project definition and scopeProduction and review of design proposals and functional specifications
SOFTWARE ENGINEERJOB DESCRIPTIONSecureGive is a faith-based organization that serves churches and nonprofits. With a vision to see every ministry fully funded, we build and provide technology that empowers people to give. As a software developer joining our team, you will be a key contributor to building enterprise-level giving and donation management solutions. You will get the chance to work as part of a faith-focused and talented Agile team to create and maintain a broad suite of software applications, including Web, Mobile, Kiosk, and SMS.What you will be doing:Developing services and components that are performant and robust using the latest technologies.
THE ROLE:We are looking for a Front-End Software Developer with a keen eye for design and front-end programming experience. This Front-End Software Developer position will be responsible for ensuring the alignment of web design and user experience, requirements, optimizing web pages for maximum efficiency and maintaining brand consistency across all company branded web pages, among other duties.Ability to prioritize well, communicate clearly, have a consistent track record of delivery and excellent software engineering skills. Creative engineering balanced with high quality and a customer focus. Must be able to work across multiple facets of the project and juggle multiple responsibilities at the same time. Strong analytic capability and the ability to create innovative solutions. We are looking for a highly motivated individual who is looking to grow their career in a fast paced environment.
Software Engineering ManagerGreenville, SC OfficeLima One Capital, LLC is searching for an Engineering Manager with 5 years‰Ûª experience in software development. The Engineering Manager will be responsible for the design and oversight of all enterprise-wide technology solutions and the development and management of technical staff. Our ideal candidate has a thorough understanding of enterprise business applications, solutions architecture, and frameworks. As a leader of technical staff at Lima One Capital, the ideal candidate should also act as an advocate for the professional development of staff. This role will work closely with product managers to develop solutions for a wide range of industry-leading lending products. This position will report directly to the Director of Technology.ResponsibilitiesTechnical leadership and advising on solutions across the organization
About Us:Ezoic is an Artificial Intelligence company that works with thousands of online publishers, helping them use machine learning to make smart decisions about the layouts, advertisements and features that users see. These publishers range from individuals to small and medium-sized companies. We have our headquarters in Carlsbad, CA, with a team of very smart free-thinking individuals. Ezoic is a VC-backed startup that is growing quickly. It's a unique opportunity to both be part of a revolutionary product in its earlier stages and work on something that already touches hundreds of millions of people month.About You:You must be a tech-savvy professional who enjoys learning about new technologies and solving problems. This is a fast-moving engineering role where you will be able to work on core products and develop designs and functionality from scratch. You must enjoy collaborating with other smart engineers, creating scalable solutions to improve publishers' digital properties.
At Farm Credit Mid-America, we believe people are our strongest asset. We are consistently looking to hire individuals from a wide range of experience and capabilities who have a desire to serve. Currently, we have over 1,400 employees across Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee.BASIC FUNCTION: The Security Engineer is responsible for establishing and maintaining a program to ensure information assets are adequately protected. This position reports to and works under the direction of the Chief Security Officer and provides Farm Credit Mid-America (FCMA) with information security strategy, controls, objectives, standards, risk assessments, management processes and technology procedures to ensure that FCMA information assets are adequately protected with acceptable levels of control. These controls enable the business to operate efficiently, cost-effectively and in compliance with regulatory and industry best practices.
In-Depth Engineering is seeking an entry-level Software Engineer to work in our Electronic Warfare line of business. Specific tasking includes system design and development, coding, integration, test, modernization, and life cycle support. This is a permanent full-time position. In-Depth Engineering offers corporately sponsored training to include Master‰Ûªs and PhD programs as well as Domestic and International travel opportunities.Work is performed in Syracuse, NY.Candidates for consideration must be US citizens and be able to obtain a Department of Defense Secret clearance.
Essential Functions:Designs, develops, integrates, and tests hardware and embedded software for industrial testing systems.Coordinates with systems engineers to ensure clear understanding of system specifications and requirements. Independently evaluates, selects, and applies standard engineering techniques to a range of engineering projects. Carries out assignments, making minor adaptations and modifications to existing concepts to complete a product design and functions. Works with other engineers to complete complex projects. Occasional travel may be required, but is not routine.Develop analog and digital circuits, and related software/firmware, for implementing automated test equipment primarily used in the aerospace industry. Coordinate with sales and marketing to ensure clear understanding of customer‰Ûªs specifications and requirements. Generate all work product including requirements and design documents. Works under the supervision of the Director of Engineering.
This position will be engineering support for Consumers Energy‰Ûªs High Voltage Distribution (HVD) electric lines in the areas of standards and materials. Responsibilities also include overseeing compliance within the development of standards and emerging technologies to all applicable regulatory rules and codes (including those from the MPSC, ANSI, ASCE, NESC, IEEE, etc.) while finding standard solutions to complex electric system problems and innovative solutions (emerging technologies, new standards and materials, etc.) to further the advancement of the Company's HVD lines electric system. The position requires cross functional cooperation with construction and design organizations regarding project support and application of standards, as well as communication of these department documents to impacted groups in a concise manner that allows precise application of the standards and technology while working to protect the public.
As a Software Engineer at Sabre Systems, you will employ your talent towards improving the systems used on the United States Navy‰Ûªs most sophisticated Aircraft. The challenge to continually improve the mission capabilities of Navy aircraft requires engagement from the most elite software professionals available. Your talents can make a difference in keeping our ships and sailors safe from threats both above and below the surface of the ocean. The Maritime Surveillance domain requires Software Engineers to familiarize themselves with a wide variety of mission systems, software programming languages and environments. If you want to make meaningful contributions toward keeping naval aircraft systems on the leading edge, then we have a challenge for you!Join our Team in support of some of the Navy‰Ûªs most technologically sophisticated aircraft platforms that include P-8A Poseidon, MQ-4C Triton, MH-60R/S SeaHawk, E-2C/D Hawkeye, E-6B Mercury, MQ-25A Stingray, UH-1Y Venom and AH-1Z Viper.
COMPANY DESCRIPTION:Perceptron, Inc. is an established technology company with a long history of innovation. Our global infrastructure,technological breadth, brand recognition within the industry, and‰ÛÓmost of all‰ÛÓour people, set us apart from thecompetition.Perceptron develops, produces, and sells non-contact measurement and inspection solutions for industrial andcommercial applications. Automotive and manufacturing companies throughout the world rely on Perceptron'smetrology solutions to help them manage their complex manufacturing processes to improve quality, shorten productlaunch times, reduce overall manufacturing costs, and ultimately improve productivity. Additional information isavailable at www.perceptron.com.
As a ServiceNow Software Engineer II, you will be a solution engineer working to develop, design and own technical solutions on the ServiceNow platform using good practice programming techniques and SCRUM/Agile methodologies. Serve You Rx helps employers who sponsor health plans and the consumers who are members of those plans save money on prescription drugs by offering pharmacy benefit management and the services of our self-owned and operated mail and specialty pharmacies. We have a great culture and benefits to include paid time off, and opportunities for advancement. We are excited to add a motivated self-starter to our team of smart and hard-working Information Technology professionals.Position SummaryUnder general supervision, this position is responsible for architecture, design, and development of software to include requirements analysis, software design, coding, software integration, testing, debug, and maintenance. The Software Engineer II may consult directly with clients and customers to determine business needs. This position handles a variety of work including moderately complex issues using good practice programming techniques and SCRUM/Agile methodologies.
Kapsch TrafficCom is a provider of intelligent transportation systems in the fields of tolling, traffic management, smart urban mobility, traffic safety and security, and connected vehicles. As a one-stop solutions provider, Kapsch TrafficCom offers end-to-end solutions covering the entire value creation chain of its customers, from components and design to the implementation and operation of systems. The mobility solutions supplied by Kapsch TrafficCom help make road traffic safer and more reliable, efficient, and comfortable in urban areas and on highways alike.Kapsch TrafficCom is an internationally renowned provider of intelligent transportation systems thanks to the many projects it has brought to successful fruition in more than 50 countries around the globe. As part of the Kapsch Group, Kapsch TrafficCom has subsidiaries and branches in more than 30 countries.The Role:The Software Engineer supports our Intelligent Transportation Systems and will have the opportunity to see your product in action, out in the field ‰ÛÒ on the highway. The Software Engineer is a full stack developer position and is part of the Software Engineering Team.Kapsch TrafficCom is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality or sex. Kapsch TrafficCom is a drug-free workplace. Kapsch is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you require need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or interview process, please send an email to ktc.us.jobs@kapsch.net to advise of the nature of your request along with your contact information.Kapsch TrafficCom regrets that presently we are unable to consider individuals for this position who will require sponsorship for employment visa status (i.e., TN, H1-B, OPT, etc.).Please note that Kapsch TrafficCom does not accept unsolicited resumes/candidates from third-party recruiters that are not engaged and under written contract with Kapsch TrafficCom. Any employment agency, individual or entity that submits an unsolicited resume/candidate acknowledges and understands that Kapsch TrafficCom has the right to hire any applicant at its own discretion without any fee owed or due to the submitting third-party employment agency, individual or entity. For more information, please contact ktc.us.jobs@kapsch.net#DICE
As an Electrical Engineer you will join a multidisciplinary team of engineers who are tackling today‰Ûªs most challenging problems in automation. Spanning multiple industries including defense, materials management, energy, agriculture, and sanitation, Carnegie Robotics applies its expertise in vision systems and robotics to solve problems faced by various market sectors. You will be designing the electronics that drive rugged, full robotic systems.Roles and responsibilities include:Working with a diverse team of Electrical Engineers to design and test electrical components and systems for robotics and vision applicationsCreating printed circuit board assemblies for mixed signal and high speed digital systems
Job Description:Computer ProgrammerHuntsville/Redstone Arsenal, ALERC is a servant-leader oriented company with approximately 2,000 employees and multiple contracts across the US. We believe that our culture has a direct influence on the job satisfaction of our employees and is reflected in the outstanding quality of service received by our customers.Your role:In your role as a Computer Programmer, you will directly support the control, data acquisition, data processing, reduction, and management efforts surrounding missile and engine system testing. You will aid in the maintenance efforts of existing internally developed tooling as well as work to develop additional tooling through the development of custom applications or extensions to commercial off-the-shelf software applications. These efforts support the conduct of developmental testing of missiles, military aircraft, and other weapon systems in direct support of the test and evaluation mission of the United States Army Redstone Test Center located at Redstone Arsenal, Alabama.
Senior Software EngineerLeaseTrack is hiring! We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to be part of a cross-disciplinary, self-motivated team passionate about using data to form the future. This is a fantastic opportunity to get involved in a national, rapidly growing enterprise firm.*Our Software Engineers support critical business logic across a suite of robust services and scalable data processing jobs.**We focus on modularity and reuse where it makes sense, while ensuring that there are no constraints to delivering world-class software continuously.**The Senior Software Engineer is a technology focused role for a hands-on coder who will have broad impact on the team and the engineering department. It is not a manager or a team lead role. Strong communication skills, adaptability and a collaborative mindset are key attributes we are looking for in a candidate.**
We are seeking an experienced Principal Software Engineer to deliver technical leadership as part of our team of professional and highly experienced engineers. Based at our brand new facilities in Huntsville, the role will focus on the development and support of software and firmware for our range of rugged high-performance computing products. The Software team is responsible for the whole software development lifecycle, from initial requirements gathering and analysis, through to product delivery.The successful candidate will also provide technical oversight of ongoing projects and interface with Product Management, Sales, and our customers to refine a clear strategy and roadmap. He/she will foster a culture of continuous improvement within the team, support the development of new talented engineers joining the team, and continuous upskilling of the strong engineering team already in place.A strong experience in embedded software development is required in order to provide technical leadership to the software team.
Job Description:Our Unmanned Systems group is looking to add a talented Software Engineer to design and develop algorithms, simulations, and visualization tools for autonomous robotics. The successful candidate will be passionate about designing, developing and applying cutting-edge technologies for prototype autonomous systems.At Metron, we value innovation, inquisitiveness and insight. The successful candidate will be part of a team that designs and implements solutions addressing critical challenges in robotics for some of the most autonomous systems on or off the planet. In this position, you will see your ideas control robots in the most challenging environments.As a Software Engineer you will be involved in the entire software process, from concept development to design, implementation, and demonstration. You will integrate into, and lead, dynamic and highly-motivated project teams, and use new ideas from across multiple fields to push the boundaries of the possible for intelligent systems. The ideal candidate will thrive in an environment working with motivated, engaged, intelligent people.Desired Qualifications:
Do you dare to reinvent the future of education?At Cengage, we‰Ûªre harnessing the power of tech to build a future where all learners have the tools and confidence to achieve their goals. National Geographic Learning (NGL) is a Cengage company delivering comprehensive educational programs and academic instructional materials that offer the same engaging high-quality content that you‰Ûªve come to know and expect from National Geographic. As a member of the NGL team, you‰Ûªll help transform learning for students of all ages (from Pre-K through adults), providing academic materials that enhance learning across a wide range of subjects, including: Reading/Language Arts, ESL/ELD, Mathematics, Sciences, and Social Studies. Collaborating with the best of the best, you‰Ûªll feel challenged and inspired to do breakthrough work. There‰Ûªs no limit to what we can imagine, create and innovate together!
Job Description:The RoleWe are seeking a result oriented SRE Engineer to scale our team as we grow. You will own production preparation of new functionalities in our ever-evolving complex global real-time trading and customer systems. Our systems are focused on enterprise-grade high availability and performance. If you are a Systems Thinking, SRE Engineer who has helped teams scale through production insights, operational automation, developer guidance, real-time metrics, automation, automation, automation...we should talk!The Expertise and Skills You Bring
Challenging convention. Trying new things. Reshaping an industry.The team at Duck Creek helps insurance companies bring amazing ideas to life quickly and easily with software that thinks and works like they do. We're fueled by sharing ideas openly, challenging conventions, trying new things, and valuing "Why not?" over "Why?" Our certainty that there is always a better way to do things keeps carriers ahead of their competition and is helping to reshape an industry.If having a hand in transforming one of the world‰Ûªs oldest and largest industries into a standard for innovation, open exchange, and peerless user experience sounds exciting, let us know. We may be looking for you.Technical Solution Engineer
What you will be doingThe Software Engineer III will apply standard programming procedures and has detailed knowledge of pertinent domain subject matter. The person in this role will work on increasingly complex projects or project components where work is usually oriented toward combing the business and technical aspects of the project.Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, the followingWorking to approved statements of requirements and detailed specificationsDeveloping, modifying and maintaining assigned programsSupporting, updating and revising existing applications, programs, interfaces and vendor softwareWhy we are differentWhat you need to be successfulWhat your work environment will look likeEqual Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
nan
COMPANY OVERVIEWFrom our inception, Invotec, Inc. has designed, developed, and built assembly and test machines for manufacturing customers in a variety of industries. Today, we are a full-service, specialty machine builder‰ÛÓengineering, designing, developing, manufacturing, installing, and servicing custom application assembly and test equipment. Our mission is to partner with customers as a premier provider of innovative, well-engineered manufacturing systems and solutions to enhance their competitive advantage.POSITION OVERVIEWThe basic function of the Controls Engineer II is to provide the technical input and documentation control necessary to ensure that expectations set in the company quote and the customer specification are met. To accomplish this task, the Controls Engineer II will commit to strong coordination with Project Management, Engineering and Manufacturing department personnel to complete assigned duties according to Invotec‰Ûªs mission statement while monitoring individual efficiency, productivity, and schedules to ensure the assigned project design work is completed appropriately.
Software Developer - WebCorporate Headquarters12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158Develop custom solutions and enjoy a great career at Uline. Bring your extensive skillset to a place ready to employ every facet of it. Collaborate on customer-facing and internal projects among a team of dedicated fellow developers.Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.
Job Description:Starting from $95,000Torch offers the traditional benefits, such as medical and dental insurance, but other unique benefits as well. Torch provides its employees with a comprehensive set of health care and retirement benefits; one we consider superior to those offered by other companies in the industry. In fact, Torch was recognized by the Principal Financial Group as one of the ‰ÛÏThe Principal 10 Best Companies for Employee Financial Security‰Û in a national competition of small businesses based on an assessment of company benefit and retirement plans.
Summary:Senior Web Developer creates, enhances, and maintains eCommerce solutions. Their job includes working with the Director of Application and Process Engineering to meet overall organizational needs. Senior Web Developer may be asked to conduct research, gather information, interpret data, and recommend solutions related to Arrowhead‰Ûªs eCommerce websites.This position includes working with other developers (internal and external), the Project Management Office, Business Process Owners, Business Subject Matter Experts, and Customers in the full software life-cycle development, including reviewing business requirements, writing technical specifications, application development, defect resolution, deployment, and support within the enterprise standards.
US Citizenship and Secret Security Clearance Required.Company Overview:Decathlon Development Corporation is a small custom software development firm located in Lutherville, MD with customers in Baltimore, DC and Northern Virginia. We have been in business for over 30 years developing custom business applications for a broad spectrum of applications.We are seeking an ASP Net Application Developer to develop new custom web applications and to support existing web applications for our client base. The successful candidate will be a member of our development team responsible for the design, development and enhancements of MVC web based applications. Candidate will be required to have strong skills in SQL, Crystal Reports and web based application development.
What makes us QlikQlik helps enterprises around the world move faster, work smarter, and lead the way forward with an end-to-end solution for getting value out of data. A Gartner Magic Quadrant Leader for 11 years in a row! Our platform is the only one on the market that allows for open-ended, curiosity-driven exploration, giving everyone ‰ÛÒ at any skill level ‰ÛÒ the ability to make real discoveries that lead to real outcomes and transformative changes. We are a Values-Driven organization, operating over 100 countries with 45,000 customers around the world. If you think we are interesting, please read on ‰ÛÒ we may be looking for you!Senior Web Developer
This IT Web Designer/Developer position serves on the ITCS Enterprise Information Systems team as a technical resource and supports the web development needs of the university.This position develops custom solutions to enhance the functionality of applications to meet unique customer needs. Employee should be comfortable developing plugins, themes, custom post types, WordPress CLI scripts, and other WordPress CMS solutions based on project requirements. This position is responsible for assessing and triaging bugs and enhancements that come into GitHub as well as participating in all stages of development, testing, implementation, and maintenance. Furthermore, this position must be able to work with standard web interfaces (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) and a full application stack consisting of server OS, web server (IIS and Apache), programming and scripting (PHP, Python), and database (MySQL and MSSQL). Experience using GitHub for version control and documentation is preferred.This position is responsible for application administration, advanced troubleshooting and support, and developing enhancements for various enterprise web applications. Additionally, this position offers advanced technical expertise to consultants and clients for enterprise applications in a wide variety of areas which requires an overall understanding of the ECU technology infrastructure. Employee will assist with determining the best solutions for campus users to meet unique needs and troubleshoot issues.This position helps in the selection of applications and creation of standards and guidelines for its proper use and configuration to meet the needs of customers. Employee is responsible for creating tools using vendor APIs and web services to extend application functionality for our users. In addition, this position is responsible for data management from outside resources importing into a variety of enterprise applications. Employee serves as an expert in the use of these applications and should keep up to date on application upgrades and new features.The position should to stay up to date on new technologies, best practices, and modern development methods. Employee will communicate regularly with peers using chat, audio, and video. Employees are required to adjust their standard work schedule to meet the requirements of their position, which includes and not limited to evening and weekend hours to perform scheduled and unscheduled workload requirements to maintain University operations.
Digital Content Coordinator/DesignerDigital Content Coordinator/DesignerThe House FM has an opening for a social media coordinator at the non-profit organization in Oklahoma.The radio ministry is looking for a creative artist/writer with proven social media savvy and experience with design and editing software. If you are an organized self-starter who has the ability to wear many hats in a fast-paced nonprofit environment, we want to see your resume and portfolio.Responsibilities:Create graphics for branding/advertising, show promotion, concerts, websites, apps, etc.
Position: Software Developer IILocation: Huntsville, ALClearance: Active Secret ClearancePosition Summary:Seeking a .NET developer responsible for building fully functional applications focusing on front-end and back-end support. A commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and quality product is essential.
nan
Join a highly engaged and supportive team of developers who will not only challenge you to grow, but actively leverage your expertise on how to blow our clients expectations out of the water. Whether it be creating an engaging interactive experience, well optimized landing page, thoughtfully refactoring code, improving accessibility or developing a custom web application you will have a direct impact on what we create and its ultimate success. The variety of projects and challenges our clients bring will provide you with opportunities to try new things and round out your skillset. We embrace the fast paced changes in the frontend space and innovate on our past experiences to continually evolve as a team. Crescendo earns the trust of our clients and team by blending our midwestern values, high intensity work ethics and digital innovation.*Working with us, you will ... *- Take PSDs from design team to develop from- Create and maintain npm, node, gulp and webpack builds- Write JavaScript in both ES5 & ES6 standards following project design patterns- Work in SASS, Less or CSS following design patterns ( typically BEM )- Use both Git & Mercurial VCS and related branching model workflows- Create new templates in Magnolia or another content management system- Learn from and teach others on the team- Have direct client communication- Start projects from scratch and help us maintain existing projects- Build accessible high performance websites- Work with popular frameworks like foundation, bootstrap, React, Angular- Work on projects using minimal or no frameworks at allYou Bring:- 3+ years direct frontend experience- Ability to communicate clearly and concisely with clients, our sales team, designers and developers- Ability to work on multiple projects- A desire to lead people and technology choices- A sense of urgencyYou Get:- Competitive salary- Full benefits- SIMPLE IRA matching (3%)- Generous PTO- Paid holidays- Autonomy and satisfaction working for the most innovative digital agency in the Midwest
At Apptness we are digital marketing experts: solving online ad-serving challenges with technology and data-science. We build engaging media brands that profitably connect consumers to personalized ads to match each consumer‰Ûªs needs. Founded in 2015, Apptness was recently named to the Inc. 5000 Fastest Growing Companies in the country, an accomplishment we owe to our energetic, collaborative and innovative culture.We are hiring a Senior UI Engineer, Ad Platform to be a key member of our engineering team. In this role you will architect and engineer the user interface for the Apptness core ad-serving platform, to be used by our internal teams. Your experience in building digital marketing systems will enable you to own the design and implementation of new features, services and controls that connect the commercial needs of the business to our sophisticated backend capabilities. You will flex your system design muscles, simplify complex problems and implement efficient, scalable code. As an experienced member of the engineering team, you will help mentor teammates, evolve our technical standard and amplify our culture of system design.
About Dealerware:Dealerware is modern fleet management for the modern retailer. We are proud to be one of the hottest software companies in the automotive sector. By combining a modern-approach with fresh design thinking, Dealerware‰Ûªs industry-leading SaaS platform enables best-in-class fleet management and mobility for top automotive dealerships and manufacturers. Three years ago, we burst onto the scene with a promise to reduce costs and elevate the customer experience at automotive dealerships. Today, we‰Ûªre experiencing 100% YOY growth and are positioned to truly change the way the world hits the road. Across the automotive ecosystem, there‰Ûªs hundreds of billions of dollars at stake. And we‰Ûªre right in the swell of it.Dealerware has an immediate, full-time opportunity for a Backend Developer to help us transform the way car dealers and manufacturers think about products and profits. We‰Ûªre looking for someone that has professional experience with web programming, comfortable working with cloud platforms, knows the ins and outs of the frameworks and libraries they currently use and wants to master new frameworks.
*Relocation and/or fully remote not available. Green Card holders and/or US Citizens only. Visa sponsorship not available.*The .NET Developer (Mid-level) is an individual contributor of our growing development team responsible for producing accurate and timely back-end software development and working with team members to review and analyze specifications, develop new modules and performs maintenance on the Burgess‰ã¢ application solutions in accordance to company Software Development standards.We are looking for a collaborative, positive, entrepreneurial minded professional who will engage team and organizational colleagues to improve and resolve product development issues, achieve timely delivery and promote product delivery goals.We are a result driven organization where our team member‰Ûªs experience, suggestions, critiques, and recommendations are valued and respected. For this role, we welcome this feedback in all areas, but specifically we welcome developers who look for ways to improve the process, grow their skills, encourage their team members, and will step up to the plate for their voice to be heard in a respectful and collaborative manner.We are looking for a team player who will actively engage product managers, researchers, QA and developers to understand the business requirements and testing needs and translate them to technical requirements. Identifies tools needed to be able to accomplish tasks.Utilizing your collaboration and process improvement skills, you will work alongside development managers and architects, participating in the development and documentation of the application architecture.Lastly, using your keen eye for detail, accuracy, and willingness to learn you‰Ûªll review company documentation to ensure Healthcare data analysis and reimbursement business skills are current. Frequents development tool vendor web sites for relevant testing methodologies and process improvement suggestions.Qualifications and Skills:Requirements:Preferred:Headquartered in Alexandria, VA, Burgess (burgessgroup.com) is a team of engineers, designers, policy analysts, data scientists, and business leaders who believe thoughtful technology can transform the •Ââow of resources in the American healthcare system. We‰Ûªre a small team solving a big problem in a system that affects millions of people every day. At Burgess, you‰Ûªll join forces with some of the brightest minds in technology, healthcare, and finance, directly influencing our day-to-day decisions and ultimately, the impact we have in the world. Your Contributions Truly Matter. We‰Ûªre a growing company, so you‰Ûªll be given plenty of creative freedom and the opportunity to thrive‰ÛÓeverything you do will count. We look forward to hearing from you.
Clayman & Associates, a client-diverse, comprehensive Marketing Agency in Marietta, Ohio, has an immediate opening for a Web Developer to join our team! The Web Developer position fulfills all aspects of the marketing functions through advanced contemporary web and technical skills. This individual is responsible for design, development, coding and modifying websites, from layout to function, according to client specifications under the direction of a Creative Director. The Web Developer must create and maintain visually appealing, responsive, brand-appropriate websites that are user-friendly, intuitive and easily navigated.A knowledge of software programs; web applications; programming languages, such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP as well as proficiency with WordPress configuration, page builders and theming is required. Must possess the ability to analyze site analytics with the proficiency to apply the findings to an action plan for improved client presence. Working knowledge of the Adobe Creative Suite, a plus. Solid background in social media management across all platforms also a plus.
Website Developer | Front & Back-end Developer | LOCAL Candidates OnlyWe're looking for an experienced FULL-STACK WEBSITE DEVELOPER to join our creative agency team. We need another Web developer to join our team to create visually appealing sites and landing pages that feature user-friendly design and clear navigation, from a fully responsive mobile perspective.*** LOCAL CANDIDATES ONLY - We are Not interested in contractor, freelancer or remote agencies. If you're not interested in working AT our offices, please don't apply. All other solicitations will be ignored. ***The primary role is responsible for developing, updating, and modifying WordPress Themes and websites, from layout to function, and according to our client's specifications.
nan
TriNet is a leading provider of comprehensive human resources solutions for small to midsize businesses (SMBs). We enhance business productivity by enabling our clients to outsource their HR function to one strategic partner and allowing them to focus on operating and growing their core businesses. Our full-service HR solutions include features such as payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health insurance, retirement plans and workers‰Ûª compensation insurance.TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you‰Ûªre passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients‰Ûª business success with extraordinary HR.The Sr. Web Developer provides technical leadership to the web team at TriNet, specifically focused on planning & architecting, guiding the design, developing/coding solutions. Both frontend (with modern frontend frameworks such as Vue, React or similar) and backend technical skills are mandatory (experience with lambda functions is a nice to have), with expert proficiency in JavaScript and TypeScript.You will be part of a dynamic team and work closely with all areas of marketing, including website team, SEO team, and demand gen team. You will also work with agency team and developers.‰Û¢ Translate business requirements into systems design‰Û¢ Implement a JAM stack architecture (Vue, React/Headless CMS)‰Û¢ Work with the headless CMS (Contentstack, NetlifyCMS, Contentful or similar)‰Û¢ Write bug-free code in TypeScript and JavaScript‰Û¢ Coordinate dispersed development and quality assurance‰Û¢ Anticipate issues and risks at the module level and escalate appropriately‰Û¢ Troubleshoot existing and new bugs as needed‰Û¢ Work within Wrike project management tool‰Û¢ Code and build web pages from templates using modern JavaScript frameworks such as Vue, React.‰Û¢ Handle Continuous Integration deployments of code between development, staging, and production environments‰Û¢ Oversee mid-level and junior web developers along with agency developers‰Û¢ Work with project managers to complete various web updates‰Û¢ Export content as needed‰Û¢ Minimal maintenance for other corporate-related sites‰Û¢ Other projects and responsibilities may be added at the manager‰Ûªs discretion.Education:‰Û¢ Bachelor‰Ûªs degree desired; or equivalent education and/or related work experience.Experience:‰Û¢ Minimum 4-6 years‰Ûª experience in full stack development with JavaScript/TypeScript‰Û¢ Experience with headless CMS‰Û¢ Experience with Lambda Functions/Google Cloud Functions or similar‰Û¢ HTML, CSS Experience‰Û¢ Ability to translate Figma/Sketch/Photoshop designs into code‰Û¢ Responsive web design‰Û¢ General knowledge of web database systems, experience with Firebase is a nice to haveOther Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:‰Û¢ Excellent verbal and written communication skills‰Û¢ Ability to communicate with employees at all levels of the organization‰Û¢ Strong knowledge and understanding of both state and federal employment laws‰Û¢ Excellent interpersonal skills‰Û¢ Excellent presentation and facilitation skills‰Û¢ A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards and a diverse workplace‰Û¢ Ability to adapt to a fast paced continually changing business and work environment while managing multiple priorities‰Û¢ Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite‰Û¢ PC and Windows 10 higher environment‰Û¢ General Unix command line proficiency‰Û¢ No travel required‰Û¢ Remote in the immediate time‰Û¢ Once offices open, work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable office setting‰Û¢ The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Please Note: TriNet reserves the right to change or modify job duties and assignments at any time. The above job description is not all encompassing. Position functions and qualifications may vary depending on business necessity.TriNet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants based on race, religion, color, disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), age, veteran status or other legally protected characteristics. Any applicant with a mental or physical disability who requires an accommodation during the application process should contact recruiting@trinet.com to request such an accommodation.
SUMMARY: As a Full Stack Developer, you will be a key member of the team helping to drive full (and correct) adoption of modern software engineering & delivery practices ('Real' Agile, TDD, ATDD, Stateless Design, Microservices, Containerization, CICD, Cloud, etc.). Knowledge and experience in implementing solutions in the cloud (AWS) is required. This can range from custom code on IaaS/PaaS to SaaS solution integrations. You will also be responsible for interfacing and influencing with the business lines as well as others across IT.ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.Design and develop components applications that deliver value to our customers.
Overview:For more than 100 years, our passionate mission of safety empowers us to protect lives.MSA Safety is a global leader in the development of safety equipment and pioneering technology that helps protect people and facility infrastructures around the world. We are committed to providing the latest in innovative, best-in-class safety solutions that feature integrated systems capability and allow our customers to return safely to their families and friends. Every day our customers place their lives in our hands. In response, we provide them with protection they can trust. It is gratifying to lead the way as a source of inspiration. Would you like to join our team of more than 5,000 employees world-wide dedicated to this purpose? We hope so.Responsibilities:Responsibilities:Qualifications:
DSM ‰ÛÒ Bright Science. Brighter Living.‰ã¢Royal DSM is a global, purpose-led, science-based company active in Nutrition, Health and Sustainable Living. DSM‰Ûªs purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM addresses with its products and solutions some of the world‰Ûªs biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic, environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders ‰ÛÒ customers, employees, shareholders, and society at large. DSM delivers innovative solutions for human nutrition, animal nutrition, personal care and aroma, medical devices, green products and applications, and new mobility and connectivity. DSM and its associated companies deliver annual net sales of about ‰âÂ10 billion with approximately 23,000 employees. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.More information can be found at www.dsm.com _.____In this role you will develop new application concepts for new and existing products of DSM Protective Materials (DPM) in the area of flexible composites and textile applications. Market segments can be outdoor equipment, apparel, inflatables, footwear & leather and textile protective applications against multiple threats. You provide innovative solutions to meet market needs, thereby supporting the growth of DPM‰Ûªs business. You give direction to DPM‰Ûªs product development activities by translating customer needs into product requirements through thorough understanding of the customers application and its requirements. You establish application tests, internally in DPM‰Ûªs technical centers or externally, to test our products for suitability in the application. In parallel you identify and build on key success factors that enable a successful launch of the product in the market, such as certifications, standards/norm setting and application engineering guidelines.___
Use your development skills to create cutting-edge web applications! PMI is seeking a web application developer to join our team, building state-of-the-art web-based applications to interface with industry leading scientific measurement equipment.Candidate must have demonstrable experience with developing single-page web applications. Hands-on experience with PHP and JavaScript is required. Familiarity with most or all of the following would be beneficial: MySQL, CSS/LESS, NPM, React, Webpack and version control such as SVN or Git.This position requires residence in the local area; remote work is not available at this time.Power Monitors, Inc. is the leading manufacturer of power quality analyzers and wireless power quality test equipment for residential, commercial, retail, institutional, industrial, and substation applications. We provide a wide range of services including 24/7 Tech Support, industry-leading power quality training, and a robust line of compact, wireless power quality test equipment and software. With a commitment to fantastic customer service, we have been helping electrical utilities and their customers detect, measure, and remediate power quality issues worldwide since 1986.Medical InsuranceHealth Savings AccountDental InsuranceSupplemental InsuranceEmployer paid Life InsurancePaid Leave401(k) Retirement plan with Company matchEducation ReimbursementPower Monitors, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer
About 2nd Swing2nd Swing is a Twin Cities-based specialty retailer and online seller of new and pre-swung golf equipment and accessories. Our mission is to own the best inventory selection in the country and provide expert custom fittings for all of today‰Ûªs golfers.About this OpportunityThe ideal candidate will play a key role in growing the 2nd Swing Golf web presence across multiple channels and platforms. This position will collaborate with other developers, front-end designers, and project managers to create new and/or improved business solutions.Key responsibilities include but are not limited to: learning our coding standards and learning to work with us to enhance our websites, ERP system, and integration routines.
At TreviPay, we help clients grow by streamlining B2B payments through a combination of innovative technology, service expertise, and working capital to improve their customer‰Ûªs experience and free up funding for growth. We facilitate $6 billion in transactions per year in 18 currencies for customers in more than 27 countries. We specialize in payment and credit management for B2B companies across the globe, setting the stage for the future of omni-channel B2B payments by extending terms, handling invoicing and managing collections. We take care of our clients by taking care of their customers.Every day, TreviPay employees are challenged and empowered in a supportive, collaborative, entrepreneurial environment.Are you ready to make an immediate impact by engineering the platform that continues to drive our unprecedented growth? Credit as a Service (CaaS) is exploding in popularity ‰ÛÒ we need your help to build and scale it!
Software Developer - WebCorporate Headquarters12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158Develop custom solutions and enjoy a great career at Uline. Bring your extensive skillset to a place ready to employ every facet of it. Collaborate on customer-facing and internal projects among a team of dedicated fellow developers.Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.
Job Overview & Purpose:The Developer I role is important to the success of AmpliFund as a key member of the software development team and reports directly to the Manager of Software Development. Our development roles work together with the product and sales teams and positively contribute to the software design, architecture, implementation, and testing of the applications that exist across multiple product offerings within the AmpliFund suite of products. Our team uses Agile principles that are based on the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) to achieve our set goals.Essential Job Duties:Design, architecture, implementation, and testing of software applicationsAmpliFund provides grants managements software to the public sector as well as large non-profits and education organizations. We see each day the difference our products make in the lives of individuals. If building software that improves lives is something you are interested in, contact us to apply.
Software DeveloperThe candidate should have a minimum of a 2-year degree or equivalent technical school education in software development. A 4-year degree is preferred. The candidate should demonstrate a proficiency in T-SQL and VB.NET or C#.NET. VB.NET knowledge is preferred. Knowledge of HTML5, JavaScript, ASP.NET, Infor SyteLine, Manhattan SCALE, EDI, SSMS, SSRS, VMware, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft Access is a plus. The candidate should have excellent communication, collaboration, and problem-solving skills. A successful candidate will be responsible for working with users to develop applications and ad-hoc reports for improving processes. Must be willing to perform a wide variety of tasks as needed such as troubleshooting the ERP system, warehouse management system, and other software.The Beistle Company is an E.O.E.
POSITION OBJECTIVE:This high impact, high visibility position is responsible for the architecture, design, development, administration, availability, security and ongoing maintenance of See‰Ûªs Salesforce Lightening Applications (Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Order Management).POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:Develops enhancements and new application functions to achieve business goals, based on roadmap objectives, high level descriptions and collaboration with E-ommerce team members and other cross-functional partners.Develops and maintains comprehensive understanding of the business processes that drive E-Commerce order management and customer service application development.
Job Description: WEB DeveloperLocation: Anchorage, AKAttributes:Experienced, reliable, creative, task-oriented with high attention to details. The Web Developer will work directly with the Team and the General manager and will oversee the operation, development and maintenance of platforms, systems, website, and software necessary for the daily execution and growth of the business activities. The ideal candidate is highly self-motivated, professional, capable of managing their workload and prioritizing tasks in a fast-paced environment.Web Developer responsibilities include:Report to and work with the General Manager on managing and developing all platforms, software, applications, and systems.
Plastipak Packaging is a global industry leader in the design, manufacturing, and recycling of plastic rigid containers. Our list of customers include some of the worlds most recognized and respected brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kraft Foods and Pepsi, just to name a few. Our commitment to our employees is demonstrated in numerous awards for innovation, environmental sustainability, and corporate citizenship.Plastipak follows industry leading protocols to address COVID-19, including regular disinfection, electrostatic cleaning and temperature sensing kiosks at most locations. We strictly adhere to all CDC guidelines to provide a safe working environment for our associates and visitors; including face coverings, social distancing, and hand sanitizer stations.Named one of America's Best Employers in Michigan by Forbes in 2020, Plastipak offers many great benefits, including:
Marketing Manager ‰ÛÒ Allegheny Surface Technology (Lewis Run, PA)Job Description:The Marketing Manager is responsible for attracting and analyzing the leads and opportunities generated through marketing activities. This position will build marketing campaigns designed to generate marketing qualified leads from multiple sources including social media, trade shows, advertising, and referrals. Through analysis, there will be a loop of learning and improvement for the next campaign to generate even more valid business leads.Job Type : Full Time
Marketing AssistantCustom Personalized Lawn CareFlint, MI 48506$35,000++Job OverviewAssist the marketing department in the creation and execution of marketing strategies that include the development of promotional materials for marketing campaigns based in direct mail, email, digital and social media platforms.ResponsibilitiesAssist in creating, implementing, and tracking marketing programs such as promotional materials, email marketing, social media campaigns, digital campaigns, and events
Objectives of This RoleThis position supports the Operations & Analytics department. The key to this role is enhancing the analytics we provide on our current platforms. This role encourages growth, development, and improvement within the company and with our clients.Daily and Monthly ResponsibilitiesAssist our clients, their employees, and consumers in answering questions regarding various program aspects via phone and email.Maintain and evaluate incentive/rebate programs.Create and maintain routine reporting for various clients.Possess basic knowledge data visualization tools (Tableau, Sisense for Cloud Data, etc.).
Corporate & Investor Marketing SpecialistCorporate & Investor Marketing SpecialistLandings Real Estate Group is a private real estate firm that acquires, develops, and manages multifamily, corporate and hospitality properties throughout the Eastern United States. Since our inception, we have been driven by integrity, dedication and a desire for excellence while providing exceptional returns to our investors.With a current focus on multi-family properties, we seek to create value for investors through our experienced property management services, superior knowledge of target markets and a disciplined investment approach. We currently own and manage over 1,500 multifamily units with four projects currently under development totaling over $310M in total market value.
Company Description: OXLOS (www.OXLOS.com) is a fast growing and well capitalized startup focused on live business events, training and education, as well as digital media brands and assets targeted to entrepreneurs, business owners, investors, other business leaders, as well as those who aspire to be them.Job Description: The job consists of doing overseeing and conducting research in our company, which includes market research, but also competitive, marketing, customer, product, and speaker research to help give us intelligible data to launch new and improve our existing brands, products and offerings.For example, one of our fully developed business event brands, see: www.LIFESURGE.comThe work atmosphere is very entrepreneurial, results-driven, self-governed, relaxed, fun, and casual. If you‰Ûªre looking for a long-term opportunity to do interesting work while being on the ground floor of a new disruptive organization, and growing with it, without the typical corporate bureaucracy and politics of large firms, then this opportunity may be the right opportunity for you.
Shift Digital is the leader in digital marketing program optimization. Established in 2008 and headquartered in Birmingham, Michigan, our comprehensive solutions help national brands and their local retailers measure, manage, and improve the performance of their digital marketing and sales initiatives.This is a full time, direct hire position with Shift Digital. We offer an extraordinary benefit package, very competitive compensation, paid holidays, generous paid time off (PTO) and many other employee perks.We are looking for a Digital Analyst to join us in our Birmingham, MI office. As a Digital Analyst you will be responsible for supporting our digital programs with reporting, analysis, and actionable insights. We support teams across programs internally as well as working directly with clients. We work with a plethora of data, not limited to website performance, lead handling, digital advertising, inventory, sales, and retailer training.
We are looking for a Marketing Specialist to act as the liaison between our Marketing and Sales teams. Your role will be to seek new business opportunities by contacting and developing relationships with potential customers. To be successful in this role, you should have previous experience developing leads from marketing campaigns and meeting sales quotas. You will use your communication skills to cultivate strong relationships with customers, from first contact until you close the deal. You will ensure proper after-sales service. If you are motivated and results-driven, and enjoy working in a team environment, we‰Ûªd like to meet you. Ultimately, you will boost sales and contribute to our long-term business growth.It is very important to know that you will be receiving calls and making outbound calls as well. The companies that you will be calling already use the equipment we sell, and therefore the majority of calls turn into great conversations for a future business pipeline.
At Farm Credit Mid-America, we believe people are our strongest asset. We are consistently looking to hire individuals from a wide range of experience and skills who have a desire to serve. Currently, we have over 1,500 employees across Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee.Here is what our company offers :Competitive Salary15 Vacation days, 15 Sick days, 11 HolidaysAward winning 401(k) with outstanding employer matchMedical, Dental, Vision, Short-term, Long-term, Life and other insurancesFitness incentive
Make your mark. Our internal firm services focuses on the firm‰Ûªs critical business needs. From marketing to internal accounting and everything in between, our integrated solution approach is designed to help enable and manage growth, leverage resources, and optimize firm operations. At Plante Moran, we have a privilege of serving clients and providing consultative services as they face challenges and seek new opportunities.Your role.Your work will include:Coordinate client collections activities, including notifying partners of delinquent status, collecting accounts by assessing complex situations to develop solutions and successfully obtain payment.
The Member Experience Analyst drives strategic insights that support the transformation of the Langley member experience using survey, behavioral, and transactional data to uncover and communicate experience improvement opportunities. The Analyst manages day-to-day operations of our member feedback tool to ensure the smooth operation of the closed-loop feedback process. The Member Experience Analyst provides insight and feedback that guides Langley teams to deliver great member experiences that help our members save, borrow and spend wisely. The Analyst creates and uses Salesforce reports and dashboards to help create clarity and business insight used to identify and investigate trends to be shared throughout the organization and identify experience issues that may be impacting business results. The Member Experience Analyst uses member feedback, CRM data and other sources to identify tactical and strategic member experience changes. The Analyst partners with teams to deliver journey maps and service blueprints to communicate proposed experience improvements. The Member Experience Analyst collaborates on projects with others across the organization and acts as the voice of the member.
About Us: The Texas Region of View Homes (#35 US Homebuilder, targeting 1800 deliveries in 2020) is seeking a Marketing Coordinator for our Laredo division. Armadillo, A View Homes company has been in business for 30 years. We are a Values-based, high preforming company, positioned for growth.Description: The Marketing Coordinator is responsible for execution of marketing strategy to drive traffic and increase sales at on-site communities. It is imperative that the Marketing Coordinator maintain a mindset of continual improvement and work diligently to foster a culture of continual improvement within your team, your department, and the company.Responsibilities:åá Work with Division Sales Leader and Division Manager to develop the general marketing plan, budget, and the execution of the plan
Digital Marketing SpecialistWith an aggressive growth plan in place, we are seeking an individual who is familiar with digital lead generation and the tools used to implement it. You will be working closely with our 3rd party digital and marketing communication providers to implement our digital strategy through our external website, social media presence and marketing automation platform.We manufacture and fabricate many technical products both in the US and with our global partners. We are seeking an individual who is comfortable liaising throughout the organization, whether this is on the production floor, talking to our sales team or organizing executives for case studies.
JOB DESCRIPTIONJOB TITLE: Pricing AnalystLOCATION: Breese, ILDATE ESTABLISHED OR REVISED: March 2021OVERALL JOB DESCRIPTIONShelterLogic Group is the world‰Ûªs most dynamic leader in shade, shelter, storage, and outdoor lifestyle products. We are seeking a Pricing Analyst at our Breese, IL Facility. This position provides support to cross functional teams throughout ShelterLogic and reports directly to the Pricing Director.
One Planet Group , the leading online marketplace for locally-targeted advertising, is seeking aSearch Marketing Analyst, who will fit in to a very fun and fast paced environment, and has the ability to be very hands-on and a team player. This person will play a critical role in driving our profitable growth by being responsible for online traffic acquisition with search engine marketing (SEM) and Pay per Click (PPC) channels across multiple verticals. Candidates should be comfortable with managing multiple Paid Search campaigns and demonstrate a proven track record of maximizing internal KPIs such as profit, revenue, and conversions.Culture: Woven through One Planet is a culture that values diversity and inclusion, unity, service to humanity, and excellence in all things. This commitment makes One Planet a company that strives to implement best business practices while also seeking to foster an environment that promotes equality, love, and empowerment. As a member of the One Planet team, the potential candidate is expected to be a pillar that exemplifies and reinforces this culture.
First things first...... What's in it for you?:We offer a competitive benefit and perks package to include medical and dental insurance, company paid life insurance, 401k with an excellent employer match, generous quarterly bonus program, 3 weeks of time off per year, 10 paid holidays per year, 401k with an excellent employer match, promotional opportunities and more!Position Information:The Digital Marketing Specialist position is responsible for digital marketing, content marketing, SEO optimization, using social media and other modern methods to optimize and promote DECO Products Company as the #1 Zinc Die Caster. This position will also utilize tools to extract, analyze and report analytics to be measured against goals.
It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.POSITION DESCRIPTION:Oversees, implements, supports and monitors a group of Creatives to effectively achieve project and departmental goals. Work directly with Senior Advertising Executive to identify opportunities to maintain or improve final results among all efforts. Works in collaboration with internal customers and provides creative direction team on assigned projects. Leads development of AEP marketing materials including those required in MOTA committee and ensures CMS deadlines are reached.RESPONSIBILITIESIn charge of managing internal client petitions.1. Lead MOTA meeting and follow-up on weekly status from all internal departments2. Lead AEP materials creation along internal departments, ranging from product communication, book covers, enrollment forms, sales presentations and any other material needed to support enrollment period3. Distribute jobs and manage the flow of day-to-day operations according to corporate priorities.4. Keeps a clear record and tracks all creative work developed internally5. Establishes priorities for the Creative Team in order to meet deadlines.6. Identifies team‰Ûªs potential and assign jobs accordingly.7. Provide clear instructions to team members.8. Work closely with the Marketing Specialist in order to ensure all efforts are within CMS Marketing Guidelines.9. Works closely with the Business Solutions Department in requesting quotes, sharing final artwork, selecting appropriate materials and final distribution of petitions handled by the Marketing Department as well as petitions from internal clients.10. Receives invoices, handles check requests and prepares New-Vendor forms as needed11. Other duties as assigned
Zimmerman Architectural Studios is an award-winning, multidisciplinary architecture, planning, engineering, and interior design firm located in Milwaukee‰Ûªs Menomonee Valley. We‰Ûªre in the midst of a big transition with fresh leadership, highly engaged staff, and a new vision for the future. We‰Ûªre proud of our deep experience and great history, but are laser focused on what‰Ûªs yet to come, reframing the firm as a ‰ÛÏ114-year-old startup‰Û. Join us and help shape the future of our firm!We are seeking a highly creative and detail-oriented individual to develop compelling marketing materials that support firm strategic goals and build strong brand equity. As an integral part of our Marketing Team, you‰Ûªll play an active role in how we evolve our brands and marketing channels.Responsibilities:
Job LocationOconomowoc, WI USAddress1055 Corporate Center Dr (Oconomowoc), WI 53066Job CategoryAccounting & FinanceABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Are you looking to use your analytical, critical thinking, and communication skills? Do you enjoy solving problems, working with numbers and data to make a positive impact on clinical trials?If so, we'd love to meet you.Who are we?We Are PRA.We are 17,000+ employees strong, operating in more than 90 countries. We are committed to saving lives and we are constantly striving to be the best at what we do. Our impact is real and we see it every single day. We help get life-saving drugs into the hands of those who need them most.Responsibilities
This Marketing Manager position will get your engine revved! We are looking for the best to fill this exciting role!Five Star Race Car Bodies and Fabricating, a privately held, fast growing expert in manufacturing quality large complex composite racecar body panels seeks an impact player and difference maker to join our Marketing Team who is detailed and a natural at building professional relationships.At Five Star we are the experts in our industry because of the people we employ. See, we don‰Ûªt just hire anyone ‰ÛÒ we hire those who take pride in their work regardless of the position. The Marketing Manager will play an important role in the Marketing Department and will work closely with the team to support and drive marketing, social media and business development initiatives. The ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, experience in social media, and thrive in a team environment.
The Senior Financial Analyst will have exposure to a wide variety of financial responsibilities including a rotational onboarding experience within the Finance and Accounting team. The innovation and curiosity the Senior Financial Analyst will bring to this role will take them from a behind-the scenes analyst to actively building effective systems to support the future of our Finance group around the globe.This role is critical in developing the systems and processes necessary for collecting accurate financial data, supporting efficient accounting activities, and designing financial analyses and tools that enable leadership to thoughtfully manage and grow the organization. Success in this position will require a heart for connecting with others, an analytical approach to problem solving, strength in identifying & communicating financial insights, and a passion for continuous improvement***Daily Management*
FunctionThis position is primarily responsible for supporting the Risk department‰Ûªs mission of ensuring ongoing compliance with applicable regulations and sound banking business practices throughout all operating areas of the credit union. This individual will support the compliance and AML/BSA functions with focus on the development, implementation, and maintenance of the credit union‰Ûªs regulatory compliance program. The candidate will regularly review compliance or business line audit and test results to assist with/perform analysis against regulatory requirements and credit union policy.The Analyst will assist with the identification of training needs in areas of responsibility and participate in the development and/or review of training materials created for credit union employees. This job also supports the Compliance Officer (CCO) in ensuring the organization‰Ûªs compliance with all applicable Federal consumer protection laws and regulations. The successful candidate will have a working knowledge of regulations affecting financial institutions, anti-money laundering & Bank Secrecy Act programs, account titling and CIP requirements, retail account opening procedures, and other directives surrounding sound banking practices.
The Role:If you are looking for part-time job with flexible schedule, Foley has an opening for a Part-Time Marketing Specialist to assist in the development and execution of marketing campaigns.Job duties:Conent creation for email campaigns, social media, direct mail, etc.Track, process and report on marketing programsWork with internal customers and vendorsOur Ideal Candidate:Who We Are:
The company:YDesign Group is a family of online-led retail brands offering the best in modern and contemporary lighting, fans, furniture and home dÌ©cor accessories to design-driven consumers and trade professionals.Our flagship brand YLighting launched in 2001 and is the foremost modern lighting retailer in North America. Our selection is expansive, but curated to offer the best in the industry, from top international brands, to emerging studios to iconic names in design. In 2016, YDesign Group acquired Lumens, a leading multi-channel retail brand in lighting, modern furniture, and home dÌ©cor accessories. Together, the YDesign Group retail brands bring an unparalleled selection of modern design for retail consumers and trade professionals.Our difference is our commitment to an incomparable customer experience, including expert advice from our in-house team of professionals, plus service, support, and inspiration throughout our customers‰Ûª projects.
This position is located in Delaware, OH. Candidate must be willing to commute to our Delaware, OH location in order to be considered for this position.The Insurance Sales/Marketing Specialist is responsible for assisting the agency owner with the development and implementation of targeted marketing and lead generation programs to identify new prospects, cross-sell opportunities and grow the agency‰Ûªs brand in the community. In addition to marketing activities, this role prospects and sells American Family insurance products, maintains customer relationships, understands customers needs and matches them with appropriate product and service offerings.Benefits for the Insurance Sales/Marketing Specialist:Simple IRA offered
Job Description:Blue Buffalo (BLUE), is one of the strongest and most recognized pet food brands in America, and the undisputed leader in Wholesome Natural pet food, the fastest growing segment of the market. At over four times the size of the next largest brand in this segment, BLUE has become the new mainstream brand that‰Ûªs delivering products that pet parents are looking for, and connecting with them in a true, authentic way.BLUE thinks of dogs and cats as family members, and believes their food should be natural and healthy. In fact, this was the motivation for the Bishop Family‰Ûªs decision to create the Blue Buffalo Company. When the beloved Bishop family dog, Blue, faced a variety of health issues, Bill and his two sons, Billy and Chris, set out to create a pet food that was made with only the highest quality natural ingredients‰ÛÓthe kind of things a family member deserves. Fifteen years later BLUE has, in many ways, accomplished what the Bishops set out to do‰ÛÓhelp our dogs and cats live happy, healthy lives.
VICI is an e-commerce company that sells quality, affordable, on-trend clothing for the contemporary woman. Established in 2012, the VICI brand has a strong e-commerce presence and sells 90% of its product online, which is shipped from its corporate warehouse located in Concord, CA.VICI‰Ûªs tremendous growth can be traced back to the talented individuals that have joined our company over the years. We are now seeking talented Sr Financial Analyst to join our teamEMPLOYMENT CATEGORY: Full-time, Exempt, SalariedREPORTS TO: VP of FinanceLOCATION: Concord, CA
About Clarus Commerce:At Clarus Commerce, our focus is on the employee, their growth and their work/life balance satisfaction is always Top of Mind. The minute you step through the door, you‰Ûªll be joining a company that values everyone‰Ûªs opinion, rewards and recognizes exemplary work, and loves to have fun.You‰Ûªll also be a part of a business that is constantly being recognized for excellence. We‰Ûªve been chosen as a ‰ÛÏTop Workplace‰Û eight years in a row, we have been named one of Boston‰Ûªs Best & Brightest, a ‰ÛÏTop Company Culture‰Û nationally and have been featured in The Wall Street Journal, The Boston Globe, Cosmopolitan and Time Magazine. Life is too short, so join a company where you can turn a job into a career‰ÛÓand have a great time doing it.Clarus Commerce specializes in building custom premium loyalty programs for our clients. We also have a direct to consumer business where we manage consumer facing subscription shopping products, such as ShopSmarter and FreeShipping.com.As part of the Finance Team, you will evaluate the financial performance of the Company and our marketing programs by compiling data, developing reports and presenting financial information and analysis to business teams. The position will use tools such as, Tableau, Adaptive, INTACCT, and Excel to create and maintain forecasts, budgets, ad-hoc reporting, and monthly variance analysis.Clarus Commerce is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. As such we are collecting this data from applicants. Completion of this data is voluntary and will not affect your opportunity for employment or terms or conditions of employment. This data will be used for reporting purposes only and will be kept separate from all other personnel records and only accessed by the Human Resources Department. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
We are looking for a Marketing Coordinator to participate in our company‰Ûªs advertising campaigns. Your main responsibilities include conducting market research, producing promotional materials and analyzing sales data. Our ideal candidate is able to interpret customers‰Ûª behavior and suggest creative ways to increase brand awareness. If you have excellent communication skills and a passion for advertising strategies, we want to meet you. Ultimately, you will ensure our company‰Ûªs marketing efforts help us achieve our immediate and long-term business goals.ResponsibilitiesConduct research to analyze customers‰Ûª behavior (e.g. purchasing habits, trends and preferences)Design and implement successful marketing campaigns
nan
Marketing AssociateCorporate Headquarters12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158With a long history as a stable employer, we continue to look for passionate college graduates to join our team.Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.Position Responsibilities#LI-POST#CORP
The Digital Analyst at Copart will be responsible for analyzing business performance, synthesizing findings, supporting end-to-end execution of the site, structuring presentations, and communicating recommendations and action items to drive alignment and execute against Copart's digital strategy.The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics 360, and other common digital analytics products, such as tools for A/B testing (Adobe Target, Optimizely, Google Optimize 360), tracking and tag management, and reporting and visualization (Tableau, Power BI). This individual must have the ability to interact with team members (at all levels) in a fast-paced environment, often under pressure, remaining flexible, proactive, positive, resourceful, and efficient, with a high level of professionalism. This individual should be willing and able to roll up their sleeves, own projects, report on how those projects are performing, and then make recommendations to make them even better. Hiring Now
Alteryx is searching for a Staff Data Scientist in our Boston office.We‰Ûªre looking for problem solvers, innovators, and dreamers who are searching for anything but business as usual. Like us, you‰Ûªre a high performer who‰Ûªs an expert at your craft, constantly challenging the status quo. You value inclusivity and want to join a culture that empowers you to show up as your authentic self. You know that success hinges on commitment, that our differences make us stronger, and that the finish line is always sweeter when the whole team crosses together.Alteryx Innovation LabsThe Innovation Labs office, Alteryx's first office presence in Boston, was started earlier this year by the acquisition of MIT-spinout Feature Labs . This rapidly growing team combines the excitement of being part of a fast-paced, innovative startup with the resources, market penetration, and wisdom of a data analytics market leader. Our goal is to turbo-charge machine learning and data science efforts on the Alteryx platform, and to enable anyone to solve dynamic problems. We are working on high-impact, high-visibility projects, and we‰Ûªre looking for collaborative and knowledge-hungry teammates who want to join us as we work to democratize machine learning.
nan
Are you passionate about using data, finding insights, and trying to explain why things are what they are? If so, read on.As part of the advanced analytics team, the Data Scientist will be a key player on an innovative team that develops and provides actionable insights across the organization. S/he will help to evolve existing forecasting methodologies across different parts of the organization and develop sophisticated models, using machine learning algorithms and advanced analytics. This role will be responsible for developing long and short-term product demand forecasts in multiple markets and across multiple channels to help drive down supply chain costs (freight, inventory levels). The successful individual will conduct multiple tasks and projects simultaneously, maintain strong relationships with stakeholders, and own deliverables end to end.Essential Functions and Key Responsibilities:#AM1TaylorMade Golf Company is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religious creed, color, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, pregnancy, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military and veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance, or regulation.
New product development of broths, stocks, flavors, animal fats and functional collagen products; lead and conduct pilot plant and production plant trials; support operations with technical expertise to improve quality / reduce cost of existing products; collaborate and provide technical support to internal cross functional groups and external customers; propose and identify new technological opportunities.JOB QUALIFICATIONS:Education and Experience:Bachelor of Science degree plus a minimum of 4 years of experienceMaster of Science plus 2 years of experience
Eaton Corporation is currently seeking a Data Science Specialist to join our team. This position can be based at our Moon Township PA, Menomonee Falls WI, Southfield MI, Cleveland OH or Raleigh NC facility. Relocation assistance will be provided if needed.The Data Science Specialist will be directly involved in the application of statistics, machine learning, and analytic approaches to answer challenging business questions. This work will help businesses across the enterprise solve critical business problems, uncover new business opportunities, and turn their large volumes of data into valuable, actionable insights.Making what matters work at Eaton takes the passion of every employee around the world. We create an environment where creativity, invention and discovery become reality, each and every day. It‰Ûªs where bold, bright professionals like you can reach your full potential‰ÛÓand where you can help us reach ours.
Company DescriptionPersonalized immunotherapies are the future of the fight against cancer, and IsoPlexis (www.isoplexis.com) is Making the Difference in enabling the lofty goal of employing immunotherapies to combat our toughest diseases. Our integrated systems, named #1 Innovation by Scientist Magazine & World-Leading Design by Red Dot, are changing cancer research by connecting biological readouts to what is actually happening in patients. Our game changing hardware technologies, originally from Cal Tech and Yale, combined with our next generation software and data visualizations, are powered by our amazing R&D team and used throughout the world. We work with a growing list of leading researchers who are publishing findings that connect our readouts to what is truly happening in patients, and that excites & drives all of us to do more! If you like working at the intersection of biological sciences and healthcare, and you enjoy intellectually challenging yet fulfilling projects, give us a call. Our fast growing, 125+ person team has a sense of integrity, energy, and urgency to ‰Û÷make things happen‰Ûª in our collective careers and in the broader world, and we look forward to talking.
LGC's CMC Analytical Services department provides characterization and analytical services to the NAT GMP group, an oligonucleotide therapeutic lab. We are looking for an enthusiastic and hard-working candidate to join our team of scientists to support the intake and release of raw materials used in manufacture and API release testing according to ICH Q3C. We have an extensive, ever-evolving client base and impressive technical capabilities with state-of-the-art equipment in a GMP facility. As our inventory expands our need for organization increases, leading to establishing a permanent position focused on sample preparation and chromatographic analysis for Raw Materials, API and Drug Product samples.The GC Scientist brings a senior level of experience and is open to both learning more and sharing knowledge with others. Responsible for setting up instrument sequences, monitoring analysis and data and performing instrument troubleshooting, maintenance and reporting of results for on-time delivery to internal and external stakeholders. Oversees method development and improvements while driving continuous improvement via analytical development. Maintains appropriate quality control processes and procedures to determine accuracy and precision of analysis. Familiar with GMP guidelines 21 CFR Part 210/211 and ICHQ7. Performs work under the supervision of the CMC Management, but relies on experience to organize day-day work, priorities while supporting fast-turnaround investigations.
PRIMARY FUNCTION:Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide and in the United States. There is a high unmet need for new treatment options to treat NSCLC due to the high rate of chemoresistance in NSCLC. Gene Editing Institute at Christiana Care Health System has identified a specific target to reduce the chemoresistance and is currently developing CRISPR gene therapy strategy to treat NSCLC. This platform protocol is also applicable to other cancers.The Research Scientist will participate in all aspects of preclinical development work in new, targeted delivery system utilizing CRISPR gene therapy to treat NSCLC. The successful candidate will work on the design and evaluation of gene and cell delivery systems including adeno-associated virus, lentiviral vector, and lipid nano particles in experimental lung cancer models. The Research Scientist is also involved in the development of proof-of-concept and preclinical studies for other solid cancers, included but not limited to, lung cancer, brain cancer and melanoma, etc. The ideal candidate will have advanced expertise in adeno-associated virus biology and at least one area in lipid nano particle delivery, animal models in Non-small cell lung cancers, or CRISPR.
PRIMARY FUNCTION:Staff Scientist II will utilize their experience and knowledge to work with a cross-functional team of cell and molecular biologists within the Gene Editing Institute. The successful candidate is expected to carry out the assigned projects mostly independently. Primary responsibilities include but are not limited to developing and optimizing CRISPR technology for mammalian cell engineering in vivo and in vitro.PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Successful candidates will have a background in molecular biology; including hands-on experience with clone construction, clonal amplification, and tissue culture is desirable. Previous working with AAV, lentiviral vectors, and CRISPR/Cas9 is a plus, but not mandated.
Sr. Data Scientist-Precision MedicineRequisition #: 333944Location: Johns Hopkins Health System, Baltimore, MD 21201Category: Information TechnologyWork Shift: Day ShiftWork Week: Full Time (40 or 36 hours)Weekend Work Required: NoDate Posted: March 23, 2021Sr Data Scientist - Precision MedicineRequisition ID 333944Work Location: This position will be remote and have the option to transition to Johns Hopkins locations around Baltimore, MD
Position Overview:Catalent hires people with a passion to make a difference to the health of millions of people globally. Your expertise, coupled with Catalent‰Ûªs advanced technologies and collaboration with thousands of innovative pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies, will help bring life-enhancing products to the people you know and love. Your talents , ideas and passion are essential to our mission; to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better, healthier lives. Interested in learning more about life at Catalent? Start hereAnalytical ScientistThe Analytical Scientist reports to the Associate Director
Human IVF and infertility lab has a data analyst position open for an individual with strong analytical and technical skills.This position will work with researchers, physicians, embryologists, and other staff in our Waltham location. No infertility experience is required and the individual will be trained on all aspects of human IVF. The successful candidate will be detail-oriented, proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word) and have experience working with relational databases.Requirements include but are not limited to:Must be proficient in Microsoft Office ‰ÛÒ this includes but is not limited to Word, Excel, PowerPointExperience working with charts and Pivot Tables
Job Posting End Date: April 20Unum is a company of people serving people. As one of the world's leading employee benefits providers and a Fortune 500 company, Unum's financial protection benefits help protect more than 36 million working people and their families from the financial impact of illness or injury. Unum's three distinct, but similarly focused US businesses ‰ÛÒ Unum US, Colonial Life, and Starmount Life ‰ÛÒ are each a market leader in making disability, life, accident, critical illness, dental, and vision insurance accessible in the workplace.Headquartered in Chattanooga, Tennessee, Unum also has significant US operations in Portland, Maine, - and over 35 field offices nationwide. Colonial Life is headquartered in Columbia, South Carolina with over 40 field offices nationwide. Starmount Life is based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and is the dental and vision center of excellence for Unum in the US.General SummaryThis position for a developing data scientist who is excited to transform data into actionable insights and impact the business through his/her work. The role requires increasing technical expertise in the fields of computer programming, applied statistics and data manipulation; and relies on developing business knowledge. The individual will participate in project work primarily within the functional area, with direction and review by manager. The individual is expected to continuously increase business knowledge and take initiative in identifying and executing analytical approaches to support assigned projects.Position will interface with actuaries on pricing, reserving, and risk.Unum
Business Group HighlightsDefenseThe Defense group supports the Department of Defense (DoD) mission to keep our homeland and its citizens safe. We provide solutions to improve the Nation's defense by providing software, systems engineering, IT, training and logistics and fleet management solutions.ResponsibilitiesThis position is for a large contract for the Army, providing leadership and support existing systems, processes, and policies as well as working to implement new technologies and processes in support of the client‰Ûªs mission to provide Intelligence training and technologies to military personnel.
Position Overview:Catalent hires people with a passion to make a difference to the health of millions of people globally. Your expertise, coupled with Catalent‰Ûªs advanced technologies and collaboration with thousands of innovative pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies, will help bring life-enhancing products to the people you know and love. Your talents , ideas and passion are essential to our mission; to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better, healthier lives. Interested in learning more about life at Catalent? Start hereSenior Analytical ScientistThe Senior Analytical Scientist reports to the Associate Director
Supply Chain Data AnalystCorporate Headquarters12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158Driven by Speed, Passion and Operational Excellence, Uline‰Ûªs Distribution Operations team supports our fulfillment operations across North America to be the leading distributor of shipping, packaging and industrial supplies!Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.
NexImmune is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a novel approach to immunotherapy designed to employ the body‰Ûªs own T cells to generate a specific, potent, and durable immune response that mimics natural biology. We are seeking highly skilled and motivated individuals to join an entrepreneurial team of experienced professionals dedicated to science, patients and addressing diseases with significant unmet need. We are a company with an uncompromising commitment to shared values, a strong work ethic, and respect for individuals. We set clear expectations, empower people to succeed, and reward results. Our executive team, Board of Directors, and investors include several successful industry veterans committed to building an exceptional company capable of transforming the field of immunotherapy.The backbone of NexImmune‰Ûªs approach is its proprietary Artificial Immune Modulation (AIMTM) nanoparticle technology platform. The AIM technology enables NexImmune to construct nanoparticles that function as synthetic dendritic cells capable of directing a specific T cell-mediated immune response. By mimicking natural T cell biology, NexImmune‰Ûªs T cell product candidates are designed to combine the attributes of cellular precision, potency, and persistence with reduced potential for undesired toxicities.
nan
Guild is hiring for a Lead Data Scientist to develop, deploy, and measure algorithms and tools that enable Guild's product, technology, marketing, and business operations to efficiently and effectively support students at scale.You'll sit at the intersection of data, product, business operations, and internal strategy, and work across the company to serve as a thought partner and data expert to help drive data driven decisions, build algorithms and tools.As a Lead Data Scientist, you will:Lead complex data/analytics projects to help Student Operations, Marketing, and Product teams make the best data informed decisions by deeply understanding trends, advising on best practices for collecting data, and building statistical models.Apply advanced analytical techniques (e.g., NLP, segmentation, or other predictive methods) using structured and unstructured data to identify trends and run descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analyses aimed at making strategic recommendations.In addition to working on the Decision and Data Science team, in this role you will collaborate with other Guild leaders including: Mae Podesta, Josh Hadden-Leggett, and Carrie Kaufman.Guild is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the largest employers in the country to offer education as a benefit to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion.We are one of the few female-led companies to hit a $1 billion valuation and the only Certified B Corporation with those qualifications. Our Series D financing round was led by Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners chairman and former CEO of AMEX, and joined by Emerson Collective, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq.
Intro (Use Font Arial 12):As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be a part of the team responsible for making it easy to deploy, manage, and monitor machine learning models at scale in production. You will join a team that developes the infrastructure to facilitate model orchestration. Collaborate with both data scientists and platform engineers to create intuitive and resilient solutions. You will also be expected to follow the best practices of Agile software development, including high coding quality with testing coverage, and continuous integration and deployment of your solutions.What You'll Be Doing:Design and build scalable machine learning infrastructure for model management, continuous training and deployment, and serving predictions.Support the operation services and set up monitoring, to keep our services at the highest level of service agreement.Location and Travel Details:Profile of Success:About AIS:EEO Statement:
Charlotte, NCJob Summary:The Data Manager is a critical member of the Tactegra Data Management and Governance, SyncPoint and Management by Fact teams. Senior Data Managers may also lead Data Management and Governance teams. The Tactegra Data Manager utilizes our proprietary accelerators to go beyond their analytical skills and focus on storage, retrieval, and security of data used for analysis, research, and reporting. They are industry experts who possess in-depth knowledge and understanding of our client's database environments to include utilization and design for the short and long-term storage of data with the safe-guarding and security of these environments always top of mind.The Tactegra Data Managers by in large are Data Analysts who can source, prepare, structure, and analyze data utilizing various reporting techniques, but in addition, work with our clients to discuss strategies and the development of protocols for how data is managed and governed. The Data Manager plays a critical role in providing other members of the Data Management and Governance teams such as analysts, scientists, and architects with a range of insights and inputs from troubleshooting to storage and/or retrieval. The Tactegra Data Manager generally possess a degree or certificate in Data Science or an affiliated field. They are also key members of the Tactegra Governance Centers of Excellence teams.Salary is market competitive, commensurate with experience.Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.Travel RequiredNoneTactegra is a Charlotte-based, minority-owned management consulting firm focused on helping clients achieve Operations Excellence in the government and financial services sectors. With over a decade of business operations experience, Tactegra is able to identify and address business problems with an invaluable perspective and a fine-tuned, time-tested set of skills.We are committed to relentlessly working to achieve the right solutions for our clients. We dive deep into clients' challenges and take the time to fully understand and diagnose organizational issues before proposing solutions. As a result, our methods consistently achieve sustained efficiency and effectiveness, while simultaneously mitigating operational risks.
NexImmune is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a novel approach to immunotherapy designed to employ the body‰Ûªs own T cells to generate a specific, potent, and durable immune response that mimics natural biology. We are seeking highly skilled and motivated individuals to join an entrepreneurial team of experienced professionals dedicated to science, patients and addressing diseases with significant unmet need. We are a company with an uncompromising commitment to shared values, a strong work ethic, and respect for individuals. We set clear expectations, empower people to succeed, and reward results. Our executive team, Board of Directors, and investors include several successful industry veterans committed to building an exceptional company capable of transforming the field of immunotherapy.The backbone of NexImmune‰Ûªs approach is its proprietary Artificial Immune Modulation (AIMTM) nanoparticle technology platform. The AIM technology enables NexImmune to construct nanoparticles that function as synthetic dendritic cells capable of directing a specific T cell-mediated immune response. By mimicking natural T cell biology, NexImmune‰Ûªs T cell product candidates are designed to combine the attributes of cellular precision, potency, and persistence with reduced potential for undesired toxicities.
Great compensation package, including a full suite of benefits.The chance to work for a fast-growing, established tech company, and work side-by-side with a dynamic team of talented professionals.Fast-paced environment with big goals and the opportunity to make a big impact.Top five reasons to come to PlanSource:#5: Join the Vista Family. In March 2019, Vista Equity Partners acquired PlanSource, marking a new phase of growth. Vista‰Ûªs portfolio of technology and software companies collectively make up the 4th largest software ecosystem in the world with ‰ÛÏintraportfolio‰Û career advancement opportunities and have structures in place to leverage shared learnings from across the ecosystem.
CMC ANALYTICAL SCIENTIST, BIOLOGICS CMC ANALYTICAL DEVELOPMENTPosition Summary:The CMC Analytical Scientist (Chemist/Biochemist) will support the GBT biologics Drug Substance and Drug Product GMP analytical testing. The candidate will be responsible for analytical testing support and documentation as required by GBT SOPs and regulatory guidance. The candidate will also be responsible to review and verify process and CMC analytical data from CMOs for critical GMP/regulatory documents. The candidate will also provide support to organize and archive the completed internal and external analytical CMC documents. The candidate may perform other duties to support GBT biologics CMC development and manufacturing as appropriate.Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Relocation Assistance Offered Within Country# 99623 - Topeka, Kansas, United StatesWe are looking for a Senior Data Scientist who will support our cross-functional teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the efficiency of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They should have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with partners to improve business outcomes.
Network EngineerCorporate Headquarters12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158Bring your Cisco network and data center experience to a talented team that‰Ûªs revolutionizing our infrastructure with next-gen, software-defined technologies. At Uline, develop real solutions and your career.Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.#LI-SR1#CORP
The Network Engineer is responsible for the support of our client‰Ûªs end users, troubleshooting and correcting of issues within servers, networks, end user devices and storage equipment.Basic Requirements:Proven track record of being a problem solver and team player capable of working in a technically-challenging environmentProvide remote and on-site support to our clientsEffectively interact via verbal and written communications with our clients‰Ûª end-usersA minimum of 2 years of experience in network administration, configuration and troubleshooting, with a basic working knowledge of:
nan
Resolution Specialist (Help Desk / Network Engineer)Job - Resolution Specialist (Help Desk / Network Engineer)This is the low-down:We are a small IT company in Southern Wisconsin and are looking for the right-fit person to join our team. We believe (as do our clients) that we provide the absolute best service and support in the area. Our clients rave about our fast response times and how smoothly their businesses run when they partner with us. Of course, we work very hard to achieve those results, so it's not all sunshine and rainbows, but hey, what job is?First, the bad stuff:As a small company, not a corporate gig, you won't find a cushy job with a six-figure salary here. That's not to say we don't pay well, or have benefits to offer (see below), just that the happiest people here are those looking for a challenge and willing to work hard.
SumnerOne is one of the premier office technology dealers in the Midwest, with offices in Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Illinois. We‰Ûªre a family of respected companies united by ONE goal: to exceed our customers‰Ûª expectations by helping them get the most from their investments in print, IT and document technology. Headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, we are proud to say we‰Ûªve grown to become one of the largest independent dealers in the nation. We have accomplished this by employing the best people, representing solutions from leading manufacturers of office technology, and by supporting our clients at the highest level. Our success is evident by our continued growth with our people being the key to that success.We‰Ûªre always looking for people who are passionate about how technology is changing the way people create, store and share ideas and who have the drive and creativity to help move companies forward with technology. At SumnerOne, we‰Ûªll give you every opportunity to succeed, along with room to let your ideas shine. We are an exciting, dynamic company where the sky is the limit.
Senior Network Engineer - TBMCSPosition Status: Full Time, Immediate HireDOD Sponsored Security Clearance REQUIREDThe Theater Battle Management Core Systems (TBMCS) Engineer will provide operational support to the USMC‰Ûªs MCTSSA program.Key responsibilities/tasks for TMBCS Engineer are:-Provide engineering support for development and testing of the Marine Corps Theater Battle Management Core Systems (TBMCS) replacement.-Design, deploy, and maintain cloud based Development, Security and Operations (DevSecOps) environments for Command, Control, Computer, Communications and Intelligence (C4I) systems and applications.-Create and deploy WAR (Web application ARchive) files.-Define and implement containerization technology strategies such as Docker.-Build, maintain, and monitor highly available complex applications on Kubernetes.-Administer and maintain virtualized environments, platform as a service (PaaS) products, cloud based infrastructures, and Windows/Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating systems.
Overview:Western National is seeking an experienced Network Engineer to join our growing team and help shape our network for the future. We are The Relationship Companyå¨, and we strive to provide best-in-class service to all our agency partners and policyholders while promoting a culture of work/life balance to our employees. We are interested in extending that best-in-class service to our internal stakeholders.This is a great opportunity for the right person to join our evolving Network & Communications Team and help with a complete network redesign and rebuild. This role will be a primary resource for all our LAN, WAN and Firewall equipment & configurations.If you are interested in joining a growing company, are passionate about customer service, and have experience configuring networks according to current best practices, we invite you to apply today!Responsibilities:Qualifications:
Position OverviewOur Senior IT Systems & Network Engineers hold a wealth of knowledge regarding complex LAN and WAN network infrastructure. They are able to provide the highest level of network system maintenance and support, and are expected to have leading-class knowledge of hardware, software, networking, and security. A Senior Systems & Network Engineer should have years of experience working in the field, and should have a strong background in customer service and team leadership. Individuals must possess excellent technical and troubleshooting skills, and must also have outstanding personal skills as working closely with customers is imperative.Note: This position is generally not remote. We may consider select remote candidates who are located within Iowa. Candidates outside of Iowa will be required to relocate to the Iowa Great Lakes region.
(1) FT Network Engineer / ITHours: M-F 8am-4:30pm;On-call schedule, after hours and maintenance window work as neededSouth Slope, headquartered in North Liberty, IA, is currently seeking a Network Engineer in IT. The primary responsibilities of the Network Engineer are to design and install company and customer networks according to South Slope specifications. Responsibilities include develop security procedures, review network traffic, usage, and capacity to assess future network requirements, create and implement network policies and procedures, and make recommendations regarding new system technologies and upgrades.Primary Job Responsibilities:
Mountain Community Health Partnership is seeking a full time Network Engineer/Systems Administrator Assistant. Assistant would be responsible for installation, configuration, and support for the organizations local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN) and internet systems or segment of a network system. Assistant will monitor network to ensure availability to all system users and may perform necessary maintenance to support network availability. Assist in network modeling, analysis, planning and coordination between network and data communications hardware and software. Responsibilities include but are not limited to maintenance and administering computer networks and related computing environments; diagnosing, troubleshooting and resolving hardware, software or other network and system problems; planning, coordinating and implementation of network security measures; designing, configuring and testing computer hardware; implementing and providing technical assistance for voice services and equipment, private branch exchange, voice mail systems and telecom systems; maintaining an inventory of parts for emergency repairs.
The Network Administrator‰Ûªs purpose is to attain a high level of client satisfaction, with a focus on technology alignment and operational success as a strategic technical resource for assigned clients. The Network Admin conducts appointments for assigned clients on a regularly defined schedule to develop familiarity with IT environments, assess and identify technology risks, develop and maintain technology standards to best practices, develop and maintain supporting documentation, assist with asset lifecycle management and technology recommendations, support networks and systems, and diagnose and correct system and network issues. The Network Admin will also assist the vCIO and Professional Services teams with identifying and prioritizing IT initiatives that deliver technology success for assigned clients. This particular role will work primarily with clients in and around counties such as Lancaster and Berks.Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Yazoo Mills, Inc., one of the nation‰Ûªs leading, privately owned manufacturers of high-quality paper tubes and cores, is seeking a loyal employee with high standards to fill a Senior Network Engineer position in our well-established and growing company. Yazoo Mills services a wide scope of industries nationwide, such as converting, labeling, printing, packaging, flexible packaging, ropes and twines, medical supplies, tapes, graphic arts, and more.The Senior Network Engineer position requires a skilled professional with excellent communication and organization skills. The position will perform high-level network support, design and analysis with strong customer-service based aptitude. This position requires the ability to work in a fast paced, changing environment and maintain a high level of professionalism, courtesy, customer service and ethics.
Altran is the world leader in engineering and R&D services. We offer our clients a unique value proposition to meet their transformation and innovation challenges. We support our clients, from concept through industrialization, to develop the products and services of tomorrow and have been working for more than 35 years with major players in many sectors: automotive, aeronautics, space, defense & naval, rail, infrastructure & transportation, industrial & consumer products, life sciences, communications, semiconductor & electronics, software & internet, finance & public sector. Altran has more than 50,000 employees operating in over 30 countries. In April 2020, we became part of Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. Visit us at www.altran.com.Job Title ‰ÛÒ Virtualization Network Consulting Engineer (Mobility)Contract
Sr Network\Systems Engineer ‰ÛÒ Managed Service Provider (MSP)We are seeking a Sr Network Engineer to join our growing Services Team. This team(Sr Projects) is the heart and soul of our Professional Services Team and provides solutions, projects and deployments to the Cloud. This can include O365, VMware, Advanced Networking and Proactive Managed Services onboarding setup.The Sr. Network Engineer will be joining a privately-held 40+ employee IT company, servicing the small to mid-size market businesses with clients located across the US for the past 23 years. This is a team-oriented position, that requires interacting with clients (often times C level) to understand project needs and interfacing with your teammates/vendors/partners to develop and deliver outstanding solutions in a timely fashion.
Network Account EngineerDuties & Responsibilities:Perform and manage project-based work in regards to servers, networks, cloud based architecture and moreNetwork and server managementCommunicate with customers to resolve problems, design infrastructure, assist with growth planning, and provide best practice analysisCommunicate with vendors & 3rd parties to ensure completion of tasks in a timely manner and to customer's satisfactionPerform and oversee software and application development, installation, and upgrades
Circulation Systems Administrator/Single CopyFull time, 40 hours; non-exemptJOB PURPOSE/OBJECTIVE: Responsible for the configuration and reliable operation of circulation systems. Functions as customer service representative, including accounting, General Ledger and month end functions and subscriber billings and rating. Oversee Single Copy functions.SUMMARY OF DUTIES/ACCOUNTABILITIES:Provide professional and courteous customer service at all times.Provide leadership in the area of customer service and monitoring efforts to insure the department's customer service standards and service goals are met.
Don‰Ûªt just land a job. Launch your future.Our all-in-one software platform gives HR pros a way to easily manage daily tasks in payroll, benefits, talent, and workforce management.But what makes us different is that our technology is backed by a culture that cares. We care about our team members, clients, and partners ‰ÛÒ because people matter most. And people have always been at the heart of our business.Since our founding in 1997, this is the thing that's stayed the same, from our employees to the millions of users nationwide that access our platform. We pride ourselves on partnering with our clients to build the workplace they and their employees crave.Let's go forward together.Delivering one-of-a-kind cloud technology, accompanied by award winning customer service, Paylocityis a software development company in a category of its own. We are a publicly traded company that offers an Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) which enables employees to share in the long-term growth and future success of the company.Poised to revolutionize the world of human capital management for hundreds of thousands of small and medium sized businesses, we are seeking the best and the brightest to help us create the future of our talent solutions ‰ÛÒenabling our customers to better develop their employees and supervisors.Our talent anywhere philosophy nurtures a diverse and dynamic group of colleagues with a shared mission to make great products and have fun doing it.The Network Engineer is responsible for administration and availability of our network infrastructure systems. In this role you will be responsible to monitor network connectivity and ensure reliable and consistent data transmission while providing technical support to various departments and users with regards to LAN/WAN and cloud-based networks. In addition, you will also maintain network availability, resolve daily incidents, and lead projects through to completion.As a member of Paylocity‰Ûªs Tech Delivery and Enablement (TDE) team, this person would be looked upon as a resource for all areas of technology. Our TDE department enjoys finding the right tool for the job, so we use a combination of commercial, open source, and custom-built solutions. Our team‰Ûªs unique structure allows each member the freedom to perform tasks in their own way. Because we manage a wide variety of systems, one will rarely be locked into working on a single task. Additionally, each TDE member is encouraged to grow in experience and technical knowledge by pursuing certifications and experimenting with new technology.Are you the teammate we are looking for?Schaumburg, ILTDE ManagerSmall, self-sufficient teams with an entrepreneurial spiritWe don‰Ûªt add more folks to our teams, we add additional teams to scaleCasual, collaborative, agile environment which embraces and operates under our shared principlesComplete transparency with open, honest discussions about our progressClose working relationship between executive stakeholders and customersLean enabling process that focuses on putting our customers in the best position to succeedA commitment to investing in our products, hiring the best talent, and giving them the chance to meaningfully contribute to a vast market opportunityA subscription to an Online Training Forum for all technology colleaguesPerformed maintenance, and upgrade of networks, including routers, switches, firewalls, and network management systemsDesigned and implemented projects within multiple infrastructure domains including switches, load balancers, and firewalls with a focus on traffic optimizationLead projects to completion with minimal supervisionParticipated in high level architecture design sessions with vendorsUtilized lab or virtual environments to prove out potential solutions through mature proof of conceptPresented networking technical changes to a Change Advisory boardPartnered with stakeholders to collaborate on tools, solutions and drive efficienciesEnsured continuous health of network through monitoring/alerting toolsCreated and updated scripts to automate manual processesParticipated in on-call rotation and perform off-hours work as needed7+years of relevant work experience in a networking and infrastructure roleCurrent Cisco professional certifications CCNP/CCIE (routing and switching, data center, security)Expert with networking and virtualization technologies, certification or equivalent skillsetExpert working on enterprise level networking across multiple data centersProficient with next generation firewalls and security best practicesProficient with one or more scripting languages such as PowerShell or PythonProficient understanding of monitoring and security best practicesStrong knowledge of HTTPS and load-balancingWorking knowledge and experience in disaster recovery and best practicesExperience with public cloud offerings and working in hybrid cloud architecturesAbility to multitask, while still meeting ticket and project deadlinesLead projects working across multiple disciplines in order to produce resultsExperience orchestrating large deployments of network devices through scripting technologiesAbility to work both independently and as part of a team5 ‰ÛÒ10% travel required annuallyA strong love of learning and a willingness to take on new challengesExcellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to interact effectively with both technical and non-technical individualsCurious and interested in staying current by leveraging new technologies to our advantageAble to work in a collaborative environment with a willingness to share your ideasAble to work independently and complete tasks with high quality, but unafraid to seek out suggestions from other team membersDriven to seek out complete technical comprehension for complex problemsIf you are a Colorado resident, you may be eligible to receive additional information about the compensation and benefits for this role, which we will provide upon your request. You may contact recruitment@paylocity for assistance.Our journey forward.Paylocity strives to create an organizational culture where every employee has a voice, feels truly welcome, appreciated, and free to be themselves, and is empowered and enabled to do their best work. A strong commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion is critical to creating such a culture.We‰Ûªve made great strides to support diversity, equity, and inclusion. That being said, we realize there‰Ûªs still room for improvement. Our current focus is on the following initiatives:Education & AwarenessClient CommunityCompany RepresentationAdvocacy & SupportFairness & EqualityPCTY GivesWant to learn more, click here to access our DEI flipbook. https://www.flipsnack.com/paylocitycom/diversity-equity-and-inclusion.htmlThis job description has been written to provide an accurate reflection of the current job and to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employees assigned to the job. Management reserves the right to revise the job or require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change.
Provide a safe and healthy working environment implementing improvement systems to eliminate any work-related injuries and ensuring all employees understand all safety requirements.Ensures that all practices, procedures, and criteria at the plant meet or exceed all standards and customer specifications.Audits all production processes, equipment, and employee performances to assure that all prescribed quality procedures and systems are followed.Work with cross functional teams to resolve quality and system issues. Support continuous improvement, preventative actions, and cross departmental decision making.Translate customer requirements into systematic processes, production specifications, control plans, and process FMEAs using a cross-functional team.Preferred
2nd Shift Server and Networking EngineerThe Network Server & Helpdesk Administrator ensures that users receive the highest level of customer service by managing task requests, promoting best practices for helpdesk and ticketing systems, and providing backup support as needed.Responsibilities:Providing helpdesk support to variable business unit end-users for technical support.Responding to technical-related emails, telephone calls, and voicemail.Resolving calls at either first or second levels of support and escalating as appropriate.Providing backfill response and support for either phone-based support or deskside support.
Secure our Nation, Ignite your FutureBecome an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you‰Ûªll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Network/Systems Administrator II to join our team at Schriever AFB.The primary function is working within Special Access Programs (SAPs) supporting Department of Defense (DoD) agencies, such as HQ Air Force, Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) and Military Compartments efforts. The position will provide ‰ÛÏday-to-day‰Û support for Collateral, Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) and Special Access Program (SAP) activities.
Coordinator/Instructor - PC Network Technician (PCNT)Tarrant County College DistrictPosting Number: F003793Position Status: Full TimeAssignment Length: This field only applies to FacultyGrant Funded: NoCategory: APTClass Code: 14Pay Rate: Commensurate with education and experienceLocation: NorthwestDepartment: NW Computer ScienceJob Summary:The Coordinator/Instructor position coordinates the PC Network Technician (PCNT) industry certification program and develops additional industry certification programs. This position also facilitates students in their learning process by utilizing all appropriate College resources, materials, facilities, and educational technologies available to complement the teaching and learning process and provides instruction. The Coordinator/Instructor reports to the Computer Science Information Technology department chair and the Mathematics and Sciences Divisional Dean.Recruits students and provides them with program informationWorks with community partners, the TCC Foundation and other agencies to obtain tuition assistance for students in needWorks with TCC Career and Employment Service to promote program and help students find jobs in PCNT.Interviews, recommends for hire and assists in evaluating adjunct faculty and staff membersVerifies that instructors who are currently teaching have certifications required by the programWorks with the Program Advisory Committeeo Recruits industry professionals to serve on the advisory committee,o Schedules and organizes advisory committee meetingso Provides support to the industry chair of the committeeo Designates a note taker for all advisory meetings, compiles minutes in the required THECB format, and posts minutes to the designated shared site.Coordinates labs by scheduling class and lab times, monitoring and ordering supplies for the labCreates, coordinates, and maintains internship sites while maintain positive relationships with business, industry and community partners.Creates and maintains an alumnus tracking system.Evaluates program effectiveness based on percentages of students earning industry certifications and retention of students to complete the entire certification seriesAligns PCNT program certificates with TCC undergraduate certificates and degreesProvides data for THECB required reports.Explores, documents, and recommends new opportunities to provide additional industrial certifications within the departmentMeeting regularly with Computer Science Information Technology department chair or dean to provide program updates.Develops, maintains, and complies curricula that meets THECB regulations and TCC standards and policiesInstructs and engages students in multiple class formats such as face to face, hybrid, or onlineProvides meaning full feedback to studentsDocuments grades and attendance promptly and regularlyBuilds professional relationships with students, colleagues and administratorsOrganizes and maintains equipment used by students during class timeCollaborates with early college high school and workforce dual credit programsAttends the workplace regularly, reports to work punctually and follows a work schedule to keep up with the demands of the worksiteCompletes all required training and professional development sessions sponsored through Tarrant County College (TCC)Supports the values of the College: diversity, teaching excellence, student success, innovation and creativity and service to the CollegeSupports the mission, values and 3 goals and 8 principles of the CollegeThe duties listed are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to the position. The job description does not constitute an employment agreement between the employer and employee and is subject to change by the employer as the needs of the employer and requirements of the job change.Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a closely-related field from a regionally accredited college or universityCompTIA A+, Network +, or related certificationFive (5) years of experience in computer hardware, networking or related fieldCompTIA Security Plus certificationCompTIA Cybersecurity Core certificationsExperience working with adult studentsProficiency with word processing, spreadsheet and presentation softwareExcellent customer service and interpersonal skillsReasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties and responsibilities.03/04/2021Tarrant County College is an equal opportunity/equal access institution.jeid-172c179fabe0f24ebb9a7a32a1763f49
Job Type/Location: Full-time with possible option to telecommute. In West Virginia, Citynet has offices in Bridgeport, Charleston, Morgantown, and Wheeling.Job Description:We are searching for a friendly, customer-oriented Managed Services Network Engineer to provide front line services to the company‰Ûªs ever-expanding client base. A candidate will work with clients to install, maintain, and troubleshoot various network and IT related elements in a skilled and professional manner. An engineer plays an active role in the development of our customer‰Ûªs infrastructure strategy, architecture, service delivery standards, and best practices. They also work in collaboration with other internal Managed Services team members as well as customer third party vendors.Roles and Responsibilities:A candidate will be able to provide setup and support for primarily Cisco network hardware and software appliances. They will demonstrate advanced knowledge of routing, switching, wireless, basic firewalling, and next-generation firewall systems. Other responsibilities include:
Secure our Nation, Ignite your FutureBecome an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you‰Ûªll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented DCGS-A Fixed GEOINT Systems Administrator to join our team in Hawaii at Ft. Shafter.Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:Ensures full mission capability for the Imagery Exploitation Capability which includes the NGA IEC server segment.
At Farm Credit Mid-America, we believe people are our strongest asset. We are consistently looking to hire individuals from a wide range of experience and capabilities who have a desire to serve. Currently, we have over 1,400 employees across Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee.BASIC FUNCTION: The Security Engineer is responsible for establishing and maintaining a program to ensure information assets are adequately protected. This position reports to and works under the direction of the Chief Security Officer and provides Farm Credit Mid-America (FCMA) with information security strategy, controls, objectives, standards, risk assessments, management processes and technology procedures to ensure that FCMA information assets are adequately protected with acceptable levels of control. These controls enable the business to operate efficiently, cost-effectively and in compliance with regulatory and industry best practices.
IT DevOps organization is seeking a dynamic, highly motivated, and service delivery-oriented Cloud DevOps Engineer to join our IT DevOps Underwriting team. The team is responsible for providing DevOps support for our underwriting, electronic documents, and digital communication systems in GEICO delivering infrastructure in Azure, automatic deployment of services, establishing appropriate monitoring & alerting, and environmental support to ensure a fault-tolerant, reliable, and highly available environment for our internal and external customers. If you enjoy hosting business-critical enterprise applications in a fast-paced dynamic environment, we‰Ûªd love to hear from you!The candidate will be part of a team that is responsible for application onboarding, infrastructure provisioning, deployment automation, ITSM onboarding, maintain the environment for compliance, availability, optimized cloud cost while providing full application development lifecycle support across all environments including production support as per industry best practices and internal standards and controls.
nan
Duties and Responsibilities:Work directly with the Development team and possibly also the Test/QA team, to test system integrityBe able to design and implement a set of standard procedures to be used for: build, deployment, and configuration managementCan run build verification tests on implemented designsAble to help integrate automated test scenarios into Azure CI/CD pipelines; experience with AWS deployments will also be helpfulBuild and test automation tools for infrastructure provisioningAble to handle code deployments in all environments
Job Description:Ferguson has an exciting opportunity for a remote Junior Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) / DevOps Engineer to join the Operations Center team, within the Ferguson IT organization. The Information Technology job family acquires, designs, implements and operates the organization‰Ûªs information technology resources, including computer hardware, operating systems, communications, software applications, data processing and security.We are seeking a Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) to bridge the gap between developers and IT operations who will be dedicated to creating software and improves the reliability of systems in multiple environments, fixing issues, and responding to escalated incidents. The SRE should have a passion for tackling challenges across a spectrum of technologies. This role combines software and systems engineering disciplines with operations to build high-performance, scalable and resilient application systems that adhears to operational standards and principles. SREs are team players who embed themselves within product teams as needed to advance the architecture and performance of software systems and train their peers in topics such as debugging distributed systems, building self-healing applications and continuously improving performance.
The Arbella Cloud Administrator (Technical Specialist III) will deliver Microsoft (Azure) and Amazon (AWS) cloud based solutions to meet our expanding business needs to implement a diverse multiple cloud environment. This role will design, implement, monitor, and maintain multiple cloud environments hosting multiple Arbella applications.Key Responsibilities:Administration of major Cloud services related to compute, storage, network, and security. This is a hands-on role for someone to manage, facilitate, and coordinate execution of proposed solutions from conceptual design to implementation and through its life cycle.This position will also require design and development of new Cloud service offerings and will rely heavily on the ability to use written and verbal communication skills in scoping, estimating and proposing the solutions.
Company Description:Crown Equipment Corporation is a leading innovator in world-class forklift and material handling equipment and technology. Crown brings the benefits of technology to material handling by connecting lift trucks, operators and facilities and collecting accurate, real-time information for better decision-making.Job Responsibilities:Join our agile based cloud development team chartered to develop and deploy new global fleet and service management products including Crown‰Ûªs award-winning InfoLink. Oversee a DevOps team focused upon automated continuous deployment of application code and the operational and security monitoring and care of the infrastructure and software platforms. Serve as the liaison between team developers, corporate IT, and external cloud providers for deployment, operational efficiency, security, and business continuity.
IdentityNow is SailPoint‰Ûªs Identity as a Service (IDaaS) product, and the Sr. DevOps Engineer will be a key player on the DevOps team servicing the IdentityNow product suite. He/She will proactively work with Engineering, Product, Services, and other functional departments to implement and operate our global customer-facing SaaS infrastructure. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter who enjoys a fast-paced job, thrives on problem solving, and is committed to delivering seamless product availability to large enterprises around the world.Responsibilities:Build and maintain a resilient, secure, and efficient SaaS application platform to meet established SLAsAutomate deployment, monitoring, management and incident response
Dev Ops and Release EngineerAbout the JobThis position reports to the Lead of the Release Engineering team. The DevOps and Release Engineer will execute tasks given by the lead to support container-based release engineering flows at Intralinks. Additionally, he/she will serve as a resource for all release engineering related tasks related to Source Control, Build and Deployment automation, Continuous Integration, Environment Monitoring, and general developer tools.About the TeamThe team is chartered with build/deployment/monitoring automation of mission critical products for our cloud offering using cutting edge technologies. You will be involved in all aspects of development cycle. Team members range in years of experience. The DevOps and Release Engineer is expected to support continuous integration process and will involve writing code that is both functional and efficient. This Engineer will also be involved in diagnosing performance bottlenecks and implementing optimizations.#LI - SHSS&C Intralinks is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant for employment or employee on the basis of race, color, religious creed, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by applicable discrimination laws.
Business Group HighlightsDefenseThe Defense group supports the Department of Defense (DoD) mission to keep our homeland and its citizens safe. We provide solutions to improve the Nation's defense by providing software, systems engineering, IT, training and logistics and fleet management solutions.ResponsibilitiesProvides expertise and direction in the development and/or modification of computer-based scientific, technical, and business software systems. Uses expertise to design develop, code, test, and debug software. May work in one or several areas, such as equipment or software design, engineering evaluation or test, configuration management procedures, statistical analysis and modeling. Works with users to define existing or new system scope and objectives. Provides analytical support and technical advice during the conceptualization, development, and implementation phases. Plans and schedules new applications systems projects with user, systems software, and computer center operations personnel, including the identification of objectives, time frames, costs, and manpower requirements. Performs tasks necessary to ensure the identification and documentation of hazards within software systems using various analysis tools and techniques. Reviews and evaluates systems and software for adherence to government or commercial directives, standards, guidelines, and criteria concerning software safety and systems safety. Confirms design mitigations are captured in the design and its documentation and verifies implementation. May perform as a project lead with the responsibility for the instruction, assigning, direction, and monitoring of the performance of assigned systems developers / analyst working on a specific project.
WHO WE AREWe are a Premier Consulting partner with expertise in AWS migrations and management, managed services/help desk, and cybersecurity. Not only do we plan, build, and optimize for our clients, but we also have a growing list of clients that rely on us for 24x7 monitoring and management of their AWS infrastructure. We combine deep AWS experience with a genuine joy for the work we do. Working closely with great companies to solve their most important IT challenges is what gets us out of bed in the morning. We are seeking people who are smart, charming, gritty, and anxious to learn; and we give them opportunities to learn new skills and go deeper with the ones they already have. If you are looking for a place to grow professionally, this is it.THE ROLE
About Us:SentinelOne is defining the future of cybersecurity through our XDR platform that automatically prevents, detects, and responds to threats in real-time. Singularity XDR ingests data and leverages our patented AI models to deliver autonomous protection. With SentinelOne, organizations gain full transparency into everything happening across the network at machine speed to defeat every attack, at every stage of the threat lifecycle.We are a values-driven team where names are known, results are rewarded, and friendships are formed. Trust, accountability, relentlessness, ingenuity, and OneSentinel define the pillars of our collaborative and unified global culture. We're looking for people that will drive team success and collaboration across SentinelOne. If youre enthusiastic about innovative approaches to problem-solving, we would love to speak with you about joining our team!AdvantagesWhy us?You will work on real-world problems and make an impact by protecting our customers from cyber threats. You will join a cutting-edge project and will be able to influence the architecture, design and structure of our core platform. You will tackle extraordinary challenges and work with the very BEST in the industry.SentinelOne is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
Barnebys Group AB is the world‰Ûªs leading eco-system for art, antiques and collectibles throughout the value chain. We are looking for a Senior DevOps Engineer to join our Simple Auction Site (SAS) team in New York, reporting directly to the CTO (based in Sweden). While knowledge in the online art & antique industry is strongly desired, it‰Ûªs not essential.As a part of the SAS team you will be working on building SimpleAuctionSite, the leading auction software provider for websites specializing in collectibles. SimpleAuctionSite.com now conducts hundreds of auctions annually, presenting millions of auction lots to potential bidders on behalf of more than 60 of the world's finest auction houses.YOU WILL
Why 2nd Watch2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We are looking for the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world, and strive daily to align our core values with those that we hire Elevating Each Other, Being Outcome Driven, Winning as a Team, Being Bold, Trusting Each Other, and Having FUN! these are all key elements to who we hire.2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams a perpetual thirst for knowledge, and a desire to work with the best people and take on big challenges together. Getting our attention takes creativity, integrity, a desire to improve yourself and your co-workers each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars to help raise the bar, setting industry-level standards around project management and delivery of AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud services.As a cloud native company, 2nd Watch has walked alongside our clients for over a decade helping them migrate to the cloud, accelerate application development, and deliver on their companys strategic goals through the blend of technology and innovation that is at our core. Our services deliver cloud native capabilities through strategic consulting, modernization services, and specialized technology practices focused on maximizing the value of public cloud through:With a client NPS of 85, our approach has been successful for some of the worlds leading brands and is tested, trusted, and proven to accelerate your cloud adoption.2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner, a Microsoft Azure Gold Partner, and a Google Cloud Platform Partner. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.AWS Solutions Architect Associate level Certified or higherIdeal candidate is an Application Architect or DevOps Architect with hands on experience.AWS Skills -Powered by JazzHR
nan
At Bluebeam, we empower people to promote the way the world is built. We create smart software solutions that make construction sites more efficient, connected and safe and improve the lives of design and construction professionals everywhere.You will be a full-time, onsite position based in Pasadena. Due to COVID-19, all new employees will start work remotely until we can return to the office. More information will be provided in the interview process.*About the role:Bluebeam is looking for a Senior DevOps Engineer to join our team. You'll help us better our software engineering practice. You will help develop solutions, and allow our engineering team to build our next generation of cloud native applications.
Job SummaryA DevOps Senior Software Engineer is responsible for the architecture, design and implementation of new or modified software products. He/she is very accomplished and is able to mentor others effectively. He/she will be able to make decisions quickly. He/she will help a team succeed by being an effective leader and owning tasks. He/she is involved in liaising with the Product Owners and Development Managers to ensure software projects meet requirements on time.ResponsibilitiesBuilding, maintaining and creating architecture for AWS resourcesAbility to lead a team and mentor
Join our award-winning A-Team!Ready to produce exceptional results with exceptional people? Get in touch, we would love to get to know you.Affinitiv is the largest provider of end-to-end, data-driven marketing and software solutions exclusively focused on the automotive customer lifecycle. Backed by 20+ years of automotive and marketing expertise, we pride ourselves on being the go-to experts in the industry. Not only do we work with over 6,500 dealerships and every major manufacturer in the country, we're well-versed in OEM standards and the intricacies of a dealership or group's local business.
Seeking an individual to work in an agile team developing and maintaining applications built using Microsoft technologies in an AWS environment. The ideal candidate would possess strong .NET development skills and have a background in cloud-based infrastructure.Job responsibilitiesDesign and develop web applications using Microsoft development tools in an AWS environment.Analyze business rules and provide detailed technical specificationsParticipate in overall system design as well as individual sub-systems or components, including providing development estimatesImplement components and sub-systems in accordance with agreed upon designs
DevOps CI/CD EngineerRadiant Logic, Inc.www.radiantlogic.comLocation: Novato, CADuration: On-going, Full TimeRadiant Logic IntroductionRadiant Logic is the leader for enterprise-class Federated Identity and context management solutions. Our customers are Fortune 1000 companies; we help them better leverage their existing Identity infrastructure, integrating their businesses to the cloud securely and improving operational productivity. We are a private company, profitable and growing rapidly. The company is led by the founders and their vision and passion are part of every aspect of what we do.
nan
WHY commute when you can work right in beautiful Temecula CA!FULL TIME SALARY + health benefits + paid holidays + 401K retirement + paid time off (PTO) and moreABOUT US:The Identity Intelligence Group known as IDIQ in Temecula is currently recruiting for a Site Reliability Engineer. IDIQ is a privately-owned company that has been in business since 2009. We provide identity theft and credit reporting services to consumers nationwide under our brands such as IdentityIQå¨, CreditScoreIQå¨ and MyScoreIQå¨. Our company is currently ranked in the top 5 in our industry and has been honored as a Top-10 Ranked Company by BestCompany.com, earned the 2019 Stevie Bronze Winner, and the Enterprise Security Top 10 Fraud and Breach Protection Solution Provider for 2019. We have been recognized on TV, online, and radio by shows such as Modern Living with Kathy Ireland. To learn more about our flagship service visit our website at .
Secure our Nation, Ignite your FutureBecome an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you‰Ûªll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented System Engineer to join our team in the Columbia, MD.Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:Leadership responsibilities within the teamParticipate in planning meetings(Large scale information system is defined as having at least one of the following characteristics: Over 1,000 users; Over 100 sensors; Over 1000 entities in the information model as represented by an Entity Relationship diagram or UML; Over 20 distinct physical subsystems.)
This position is for a Operations Engineer for the UCRS Project. The preson will be responsible for day to day operations and support for the system.JOB RESPONSIBILITESDeploy and maintain critical applications on cloud architecture.Implement automation, effective monitoring tools.Develop and maintain solutions for operational administration, system/data backup, disaster recovery, and security/performance monitoring.Manage our continuous integration and delivery pipeline to maximize efficiency.Support and work alongside a cross-functional engineering team.Sustain and improve the process of knowledge sharing throughout the engineering team.
The Senior Software Engineer is responsible for working on complex projects with little or no supervision. This role should also be able to mentor other developers and contractors. The Senior Developer should participate in setting technical direction, standards, and methodologies for application development. This position will learn a working knowledge of the business and be able to apply the appropriate technology. This position requires strong interpersonal skills, ability to work in a team environment and share ideas, and exhibit great customer service. Must be flexible in giving and getting feedback on development ideas and approaches.Essential Functions and Competencies:To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies to perform the essential functions of this position.
CI CDTerraform/pulumicloudformation,helm chartspythongroovyJenkinsContract length: 3 months
Overview:Summary: As Production Support Engineer you will have five main functional areas: Change Management, Assigned Projects, Configuring Server Environments for Applications in Production and UAT, Software Testing, and Production Support. Your team‰Ûªs responsibilities include responding to production issues, daily application maintenance, incident resolution and process improvement, disaster recovery activities, application monitoring strategy, and overall application stability. You will participate and drive production outage resolution, ensuring the right support staff are engaged and executive communications are sent, be responsible for team and application metrics and the quality of the data supporting them. Applications in this portfolio may include a combination of in-house developed, locally hosted, and SaaS systems. Overall experience Bachelor‰Ûªs Degree in Information Technology or equivalent combination of four years of IT education and work experience.Responsibilities:Qualifications:
Summary:This is a mid-level position that will contribute to a team effort in all aspects of software engineering including design, development, testing, and support. This position will also support project estimation and task delegation.Job Specific Tasks:Be a subject matter technical expert, provide a roadmap to the development team and make architectural decisions in consultation with the project technical architect. This person is humble, talented, quick learner, and always looking to make things better.Collaborate with developers and project managers to deliver high quality and successful software implementations that meet the business goals of the customer
About TechSmith:Being a TechSmithie allows you to work creatively to solve real problems for people and businesses in an innovative and collaborative environment. We are a home-grown, mid-sized company that has achieved global success. We help people ‰ÛÏshow what they know‰Û using our screen capture and video creation software. Our products, including Camtasia, Snagit, and Knowmia, are used by over 30 million professionals, from individuals to Fortune 500 Companies.Position Overview:As a Software Engineer working on our Cloud team, you‰Ûªll be part of an open, curious team of engineers looking after the development, care, and keeping of our web-based products and services. You‰Ûªll work along the range of the software stack: from front-end interactions to API management, to data and storage concerns, through deployment and performance metrics.You will put your problem-solving skills and passion for developing great software to use every day. You will work within a team, building world-class software products in a fun, collaborative environment. Responsibilities include: participating in an agile team, programming, estimating upcoming work, reviewing completed work with teammates, as well as other duties, as assigned. If you love solving customer problems and innovating with new technology, you will fit right in.At TechSmith, every individual can make a big impact, while working in a supportive team environment. As part of an agile team, you will have a voice in helping to decide what assignments the team tackles. While working directly with User Experience Designers and Product Owners, you will help decide how to solve our customer‰Ûªs requests. With the help of Software Test Specialists and your teammates, you will have the time and support to fully test your solutions and create quality work. Together with Systems Engineers, you will deploy and observe your services and applications. When you are not coding solutions for customer problems, you will have the time to advance your skills and your career with the help and support of your programming lead and manager. The TechSmith agile process is set up to give you the opportunity to dedicate entire sprints to innovation, self-guided work, or professional development multiple times a year.At TechSmith, we love our employees and are always looking for ways to reward outstanding performance. Our compensation is competitive and based on skills and experience. As a full-time employee you will receive the standard TechSmith benefits package including health insurance, paid time off, 401(k) program, and more. A casual work environment, company-sponsored events, free Friday lunches, and kitchens stocked with snacks and soft drinks are just a few of our additional perks. We offer you a unique and growing company value where you can enjoy your work and advance your career. If this sounds like a place you would like to work, please submit your resume and cover letter.
Dev Ops EngineerAre you looking to make an impact at a fast-growing health-tech company that tops the lists on the Inc. 5000 and the Boston Business Journal? You‰Ûªve come to the right job description.SUMMARYAs our Lead DevOps Engineer will help build and lead a dynamic team creating leading edge products for our clients.Who‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎWe‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎAre‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎAt IntelyCare, we‰Ûªre empowering healthcare heroes to transform the way they work. IntelyCare simplifies the scheduling and staffing process to match qualified nursing professionals - we call them IntelyPros - with shifts at our partnered facilities. We have a pool of over 15,000 IntelyPros in our network who get the pay, freedom, and flexibility they deserve‰ÛÓall from one smart and easy-to-use mobile app and platform. And our partnered facilities‰ÛÎ get ‰ÛÎaccess‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎto‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎnursing‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎresources‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎwhen‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎthey‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎneed‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎthem.‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎAll‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎof‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎwhich‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎleads‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎto‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎthe‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎultimate‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎgoal‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎ-‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎbetter‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎcare‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎfor‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎpatients.‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎ
nan
In support of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) and its mission to accelerate the prevention and treatment of cancer, we will be supporting the management and execution of IT projects and services sponsored by the NCI Center of Biomedical Informatics and Information Technology (CBIIT).Below are the primary responsibilities and basic qualifications of the DevOps Engineer who supports IT projects:Roles/Responsibilities:Setting up AWS basic services. VPCs, VPNs, static routing etc.Performance and Availability MonitoringBash scripting
Sr. Robotics EngineerFactory Automation Systems is an industrial automation systems integrator that was founded in 1992. Located in Atlanta, GA, the company provides turnkey automation solutions to manufacturing companies across the U.S. Our core expertise includes programmable controllers, information systems, robot systems, variable speed drives and motion control. We deliver solutions to customers from diverse industries ‰ÛÒ building products, automotive, metals, food processing, chemicals, and more.FAS specializes in machine tending, material handling and material removal robotic applications. The company is a Robotics Industries Association (RIA) certified robot integrator, and FAS is a certified integration partner for KUKA, FANUC and ABB. Visit www.youtube.com/factoryautomation for videos of recent robot projects.
Are you a technically driven C#, C++ or similar skilled PC .Net Software Engineer inspired by high-technology equipment and projects including the use of high precision robotics, 2D/3D machine vision systems, advanced metrology systems, and complex software functionality?AeroSpec provides dynamic, diverse, and motivating career opportunities to work within our ultra-talented team of software, mechanical, electrical and application engineers towards the development of prototype next generation automated equipment for semiconductor, aerospace, ordinance, medical and automotive manufacturing factories.Essential FunctionsArchitect, write, and debug C# programming with an emphasis on generating software that is organized, structured, documented, maintainable, and reusable.
Date: Mar 11, 2021Location: JANESVILLE, US, 53546Company: NOVARESTogether, let‰Ûªs create the car systems of the future: With 12 000 employees in 23 countries, we are a global plastic solutions provider which designs and produces cutting edge parts and complex systems for virtually every OEMs in the world.Our innovation strategy drives us to invent unique solutions that shift the way cars interact with passengers and are powered for greener mobility.Do you want to join a diverse, dynamic and international group, powered by a strong team spirit? Join Us!
Automation EngineerTechLab, Inc. develops, manufactures, and distributes medical diagnostic tests. This company places emphasis on science and collaboration with Universities. We are looking to add a Automation Engineer to our team.An employee in this position can expect to perform the following duties:Project and time managementRecommending, Designing, Simulating, programming, and operational testing of electrical or mechanical automationMaintain, repair and troubleshooting of automation system controls, including but not limited to: Motors, Drives, PLC, User interfaces and Robotic Systems
