we are seeking creative and talented individuals who love learning and are motivated to launch their technology career . no prior professional experience required . revature is the largest and fastest growing employer of emerging technology talent across the u.s. come join our community ! as a revature entry level software engineer you will receive on-the-job-training to become an experienced software engineer remote interviews are starting now ! benefits for entry level software engineers : launch a software engineering career with no prior experience \r\n covid-19 vaccination requirement freshdirect , in compliance with new york city law , is requiring that all employees working in any of our new york city locations be fully vaccinated against covid-19 , unless they are approved for a medical or religious accommodation . as a part of this process , you will be required to provide supporting documentation about the reason you can not be vaccinated . if your request for an accommodation is not approved , then your employment will be terminated . _ as of february 9th , you are required to be fully vaccinated for covid-19 prior to your first day of employment and to provide proof of your vaccination status no later than your first day of your employment . failure to provide timely proof of your covid-19 vaccination status will result in you being placed on an unpaid leave of absence and potential termination of employment from freshdirect._ overview : \r\n 365 data centers network engineers  -  all levels founded in 2012 , 365 data centers is the leading data center solutions provider for cloud , content , carriers , and enterprises in tier 2 markets . they operate 15 u.s. data centers and help hundreds of businesses to improve user experience , reduce cost and speed innovation by leveraging their secure , carrier-neutral , and reliable edge colocation services . with 100 % uptime and industry compliance , 365 ensures that mission-critical application infrastructure is highly available and conveniently accessible . 365 is a privately held company based in connecticut . we are looking to fill several network engineering positions at various levels at our data center in boca raton , florida . we are open to a remote assignment for the right candidate . the primary responsibility for this role is monitoring , maintenance and improvement of the core cisco network comprising multiple pops . the network engineer will also be responsible for finding solutions , implementing network projects for businesses , and providing support for customer networks onsite or through remote access . in addition , the engineer will assist customers in resolving networking issues , as the highest escalation point , organize , design , and implement networks from concept to application , maintain ( and grow ) our corporate network infrastructure and ensure 99.99 % uptime of the core cisco network . \r\n responsibilities under the direction of the manager of it network , the senior network engineer possesses expert knowledge in network design , planning , assessment , implementation , routing and switching ( ospf and bgp ) , sdn/cisco aci , and network data center technologies . in this role , you will act as the primary escalation support resource for providing recommendations and initiating necessary corrective actions to ensure optimal network performance for the ucla health organization . you will be responsible for ensuring that policies , standards , procedures , and how-to documents are created , utilized , and followed . you will also provide day-to-day support of the 24x7 production environment of iss enterprise network ( core , distribution , wired & wireless access layers , ipam , dhcp , voip systems , wan , and network monitoring ) . as part of this role , you will be expected to participate in the weekly rotational after-hours 24x7 on-call support and perform other assigned tasks as needed by departmental requirements . technical documentation hsrp , radius , 802.11a/b/g , 802.1x , tacacs+ protocols \r\n covid-19 continues to significantly impact our employees , families and communities . with employee health and safety as our top priority , and as a federal contractor , lockheed martin is taking action to address the increased risk and uncertainty covid variants pose in the workplace and ensuring we meet our commitments to national security . to uphold safety for all employees , we will continue to request vaccination status for all lockheed martin employees including new hires . all current and newly hired employees who are unvaccinated will be required to adhere to onsite safety protocols . description : this job is aligned with our 21st century warfare ( 21cwfaia ) initiative to help the u.s. and its allies leverage emerging technologies to deter threats to economic prosperity and national security . come and experience your future ! be the best possible you ! at lockheed martin , we are passionate about innovation and integrity . we believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and forward-thinking , everything is within our capacity  -  and yours as a lockheed martin employee . lockheed martin values your skills , training , education , and background . do you want to be part of an environment that encourages and supports employees to think big , perform with quality and build incredible products ? we provide the resources , reassurance , and focus - if you have the resourcefulness and courage to work hard , then we want to build a better tomorrow with you . define the future of aviation . stand at the forefront of technology and innovation . transform your ideas and dreams into reality . join lockheed martin ' s flight controls and autonomy team and be part of the greatest transformation in aviation history ; unmanned fully autonomous flight . the flight controls and autonomy team is currently seeking highly motivated technology pioneers with a desire to steer and lead the autonomy industry . successful candidates must be willing and able to work on highly complex complicated problems . leading to world-changing technological breakthroughs . team ' s technical areas of emphasis include fly-by-wire flight control systems , guidance/navigation & control ( gnc ) , flight test , autonomy , aviation robotics , perception , ai , and motion planning . this is a technical position associated with the verification of fly-by-wire flight control system software with an emphasis on flight control system architecture , autonomy , flight controls , and guidance/navigation and control . the general scope of the work involves generation of test cases and results to test matlab/simulink and hand-code modules in accordance with the objectives of rtca/do-178b/c for software components at all design assurance levels ( level a-e ) . verification activities include functional level testing , structural coverage ( statement , decision , mcdc , object level ) , execution of test cases , generation of test results ( i.e. , test logs , listings , and coverage results ) , test case tracking , and test results reviews . the applicant will also be responsible for requirements based level testing of both high-level ( hlr ) and low-level ( llr ) software requirements . in addition to the responsibilities highlighted above we offer extensive benefits that include competitive 401k and insurance . we remain an equal opportunity company . m.sc or phd in computer science , robotics engineering or related science field 5+ years of experience job.qualifications join us at lockheed martin , where your mission is ours . our customers tackle the hardest missions . those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage , resilience and precision . they ' re dangerous . critical . sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives . those are the missions we care about . as a leading technology innovation company , lockheed martin ' s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers ' toughest challenges . lockheed martin has employees based in many states throughout the u.s. , and internationally , with business locations in many nations and territories . experienced professional \r\n job title : sales engineer job overview : mechatronic solutions ( maple grove , mn ) is seeking a sales engineer to expand customer base and grow sales in assigned territory and accounts . the ideal candidate has technical expertise in electro-mechanical automation & systems including robotics , motion control , conveyors , multi-axis actuator/servo , pneumatics , machine safety/vision and more . this position is critical to expand on the positive reputation of our company and continue strong growth . responsibilities : develop & maintain customer relationships full understanding of the customers goals \r\n automation engineer ( robotics ) automation engineer ( robotics ) job description : this person will partner with manufacturing , distribution center , logistics , and information technology teams to deliver breakthrough solutions for the enterprise with tangible results within the manufacturing and distribution centers . works with various stakeholders to drive continuous process improvements related to safety , quality , productivity , and manufacturing costs . supports operations through the design , development , testing , and evaluation of integrated systems for managing product distribution systems & print-on-demand processes . the operations team serves a key role within the organization . they ensure that the distribution centers and warehouse facilities function at maximum efficiency . safety is a core value in the distribution environment . they emphasize this through training , education , and accident prevention programs . process improvement is another core value , and through innovations such as voice and radio frequency ( rf ) technologies , as well as feedback from their associates , they work toward constant improvement . \r\n partnered with a client who is a leading data analytics technology provider focused on enhancing human and system performance by providing actionable intelligence in the most challenging and complex environments . hiring sr/lead & mid-level devops engineer with strengths in aws kubernetes jenkins and docker as a devops engineer you will work on the kubernetes architecture and deployment for the product offering , which is an enterprise application running in kubernetes delivered to customers . you will collaborate to design , configure , deploy and maintain the product through its lifecycle . this role will focus on automation , container orchestration and deployment tools , while working with our development teams to help introduce best practices across our organization . requirements : : we are an equal opportunity employer and make hiring decisions based on merit . recruitment , hiring , training , and job assignments are made without regard to race , color , national origin , age , ancestry , religion , sex , sexual orientation , gender identity , gender expression , marital status , disability , or any other protected classification . we consider all qualified applicants , including those with criminal histories , in a manner consistent with state and local laws , including the city of los angeles ' fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance . \r\n job description : mainly the client is looking for strong experience with python , jenkins and git . - strong experience as devops engineer - experience in python scripting - experience in jenkins - good understanding of the jenkins and git requirementsstrong understanding of ci and experience with industry standard solutions , e.g . jenkinsstrong programming and scripting knowledge , e.g . python , ruby , powershell , bashfamiliarity with software configuration management systems and source code version control systemsstrong understanding oftest processes and test strategies including the generation of meaningful test metricsstrong communication skills to gather requirements from the development teams and to train the teams in the workflow and processes . only w2 \r\n who are we ? rampart communications inc. is based in linthicum heights , maryland . our mission is to make the connected world more safe and more secure for individuals , businesses , and governments . since 2016 , we 've advanced the bounds of information theory , secured independent validation and patents , and built systems and networks that are revolutionizing secure communications . our values we believe that privacy is a right . we endeavor to advance the boundaries of science . we value personal and professional integrity above all else . why rampart ? we thrive on solving complex problems . we think deeply about simple , foundational challenges in systems , signals , and science . we 're a deep-tech startup : our solutions are n't the `` next best things '' in security or communications ; they 're advances that were not considered possible , or practical ... but we 've achieved them , built the proofs , and are keen to press our advantage . \r\n we 're looking for a devops engineer to join a company in the underdog.io network . the underdog.io network is a curated group of some of the fastest growing startups and tech companies in the country . we actively turn away more than 50 % of companies that attempt to join . we accept companies that offer competitive salaries , benefits , and perks . they 're working on interesting technical challenges and must be respectful of your time to stay active . our companies look for devops engineers with proficiency in a language such as python or java and experience with aws , gdp , azure , terraform , and/or docker . the ideal candidate is passionate about empowering engineers to reliably deploy code to the infrastructure . many of our companies are looking for mid-to-senior level talent , both individual contributors and managers . to apply to the network , we 'll ask you to fill out a 60-second web form . it 's absolutely free . \r\n as an engineer you will : work with application developers to automate and accelerate the testing , release and deployment of applications into a runtime environment quickly and reliably . the engineer will have a background in development , operations , and full-stack implementations . they will also have experience programming in a high-level language such as ruby , python , java , c # or other language to script installation , configuration and provisioning . they will be providing continuous delivery solutions in a cloud environment and have experience with the core suite of tools used to manage different cloud providers . the engineer may also be responsible for building and maintaining optimized and highly available data pipelines that facilitate deeper analysis and reporting by the data and analytics department specific job accountabilities : managing the installation and configuration of solutions . \r\n overview : in 1969 esri 's founder started a company dedicated to making the world a better place through geographic information . since then , we 've grown into the world 's leading gis software company but have never lost sight of that original idea . we make the world a better place by providing our customers with industry leading gis software products that allow them to use `` the science of where '' to make better decisions , be it in business , education , or government . today , you have the opportunity to join our company and our vision as a build/devops engineer . you 'll be directly supporting esri 's software developers by designing and implementing processes , tools , and workflows that constantly strive to make software development simpler , more streamlined , and more intuitive for our software developers . responsibilities : develop tools and scripts for build automation requirements : recommended qualifications : the company : \r\n as a machine learning data scientist at meta , you will have the opportunity to do groundbreaking applied machine learning work that will shape the industry and the future of people-facing and business-facing advanced ai solutions we build to solve problems and make user experience better across meta . our work spans the spectrum from near-term ( working closely with product teams to improve people ' s experience within a given half ) to medium-term ( inventing ai solutions that we then inspire product teams to adopt ) , to long-term ( blue-sky ai research without any specific applications in mind ) .by applying your machine learning/ai knowledge and technical skills , analytical mindset , and product intuition to one of the richest data sets in the world , you will help define the experiences we build for billions of people and hundreds of millions of businesses around the world . you will collaborate on a wide array of product and business problems with a diverse set of cross-functional partners across product , engineering , research , data engineering , marketing , sales , finance and others . you will use machine learning/ai knowledge , data and analysis to identify and solve advanced ai research and product development ' s biggest challenges . you will influence ai research and product strategy and investment decisions with data , be focused on impact , and collaborate with other teams . by joining meta , you will become part of a world-class analytics community dedicated to skill development and career growth in analytics , data science , machine learning , ai and beyond.about the role : product leadership : you will use data to understand the product and business ecosystem , quantify new opportunities , identify upcoming challenges , and shape product development to bring value to people , businesses , and meta . you will help develop strategy and support leadership in prioritizing what to build and setting goals for execution . you will evaluate tradeoffs of shipped features/ml systems , and drive large efforts across multiple teams to reduce technical debt.analytics : you will guide product teams using data and insights . you will focus on developing hypotheses and employ a diverse toolkit of rigorous analytical approaches , different methodologies , frameworks , and technical approaches including ml to test them . you will research challenging ml questions to inform experimentation and ml development , build and code measurement frameworks , tools , and instrumentation to measure and analyze data used within the ml lifecycle.communication and influence : you won ' t simply present data , but tell data-driven stories . you will convince and influence leaders using clear insights and recommendations . you will build credibility through structure and clarity , and be a trusted strategic partner . facebook 's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together . through our family of apps and services , we 're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world , gives them ways to share what matters most to them , and helps bring people closer together . whether we 're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach , people at facebook are builders at heart . our global teams are constantly iterating , solving problems , and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways . together , we can help people build stronger communities - we 're just getting started . facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer . we do not discriminate based upon race , religion , color , national origin , sex ( including pregnancy , childbirth , or related medical conditions ) , sexual orientation , gender , gender identity , gender expression , transgender status , sexual stereotypes , age , status as a protected veteran , status as an individual with a disability , or other applicable legally protected characteristics . we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories , consistent with applicable federal , state and local law.facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process . if you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability , please let us know at accommodations-ext @ fb.com . \r\n we are a nationwide web design company buildng dozens of websites every week . we are looking for an website designer and content writer with some experience on the wix platform , or with wordpress website development . good writing ability is very important . after a 1-day paid orientation on how our site building system works , you can choose to be assigned as many projects as you like . our projects typically take 4 to 8 hours to complete and pay either $ 150 ( for a `` single '' ) or $ 300 ( for a `` double , '' which simply has more keywords ) . the work is performed at your own pace , and all the images/videos/software you will need are provided . our freelance developers typically finish 2 to 7 projects per week . please submit a resume and we will call you back for an interview right away . \r\n sporcle is the leading provider of trivia entertainment at live shows , on the web , and on mobile devices worldwide . we operate sporcle.com , with around 4m monthly users , which is a top 1,000 popular trivia website in the united states . the website has over one million user-generated trivia quizzes that have been played over 4 billion times . our live shows bring entertainment to customers every week where our sporcle hosts engage and delight . our purpose is to create mentally stimulating diversions that bring people together . we believe in making knowledge fun for everyone . work for the dynamic industry leader in trivia who is dedicated to partnering with our clients to deliver the best experience to their customers . description are you an engineering student or just like to code ? ever wonder what 's behind the curtain of a website with millions of users and billions of game plays ? help the sporcle engineering team make the user experience even better . this role will assist with bringing new and exciting quizzes to the world by getting involved in web-based and application development projects . \r\n job description frontend developer responsibilities : build out well-tested , polished user experiences and applications using modern , component-based frameworks like react and graphql shepherd products from designs and specifications to production deployments build re-usable components and libraries for consumption by the open-source community that pull data from and interact with blockchains create trustworthy user experiences by building interfaces that are simple , easy to comprehend , performant and reliable using modern tools like react , typescript , and graphql \r\n interested applicants must apply on company website : https : //www.twobarrels.com/jobs/websites/front-end-web-developer/ overview : two barrels is hiring a front-end web developer to join our team . this is a full time 40 hour/week position with company benefits . this job is a remote job opportunity . we are seeking a talented and passionate individual interested in building websites that feature new products and services . as a front-end web developer at two barrels , you will work directly with our writers and designers to play an integral role in the creation process . you also will get to work with our pms to truly understand what the product is , the why behind it , and then execute it into existence . some sites you work on will be massive thousand-page behemoths , others will be simple , five-page sites . this isn ' t your average churn-and-burn website creation role where you pump out website after website for a different client and never see them again . you will get to work on our websites , truly think about how your code impacts them , and see them develop overtime to showcase our industry-leading products and services . spokane , wa or remote full time \r\n comcast brings together the best in media and technology . we drive innovation to create the worlds best entertainment and online experiences . as a fortune 50 leader , we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines . we are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace , thanks to our remarkable people , who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day . if you share in our passion for teamwork , our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology , we want you to fast-forward your career at comcast . job summary the ai/ml platform ( amp ) team ' s goal is to make it easy to develop , deploy , and operate machine learning models at scale within the comcast ecosystem by standardizing and automating workflows and providing tools and self-service capabilities that foster autonomy . we are a part of the applied ai & discovery organization that develops novel machine learning based solutions in support of comcast ' s products and services such as the xfinity assistant , xfinity home , and smart resume . summary as a machine learning engineer on the amp team , you would join a small group of engineers focused on the development of core machine learning platform components . we partner closely with researchers focused on using machine learning to improve customer experience . you would develop and operate data pipelines , feature stores , and production models that are invoked millions of times per day . to better serve our community , we believe the diversity of our team should reflect the diversity of our customers . job description core responsibilities implements , refines and validates machine learning algorithms for products and applications . designs and develops data pipelines consisting of data ingest , data validation , data cleaning and data monitoring . designs and develops automation and self-service platform components that streamline the development and deployment of machine learning models . maintains and monitors cloud-based and on-premise platform infrastructure . takes action on existing specifications of designs and develops data pipelines consisting of data ingest , data validation , data cleaning and data monitoring . trains machine learning models , validates the accuracy of the machine learning models once trained and deploys validated machine learning models into production . researches , writes and edits documentation and technical requirements , including evaluation plans , confluence pages , white papers , presentations , test results , technical manuals , formal recommendations and reports . contributes to the company by creating patents , application programming interfaces ( apis ) and other intellectual property . tests and evaluates solutions presented to the company by various internal and external partners and vendors . completes case studies , testing and reporting . designs proof of concept solutions and contributes to studies to support future product or application development . collaborates with teams outside of immediate work group . represents the work team in providing solutions to technical issues associated with assigned projects . provides guidance and leadership to more junior engineers . consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance . regular , consistent and punctual attendance . must be able to work nights and weekends , variable schedule ( s ) and overtime as necessary . other duties and responsibilities as assigned . bachelor ' s or master ' s degree in computer science , computer engineering , electrical engineering , mathematics , related technical discipline , or related industry experience . strong programming and software development experience with python or java . familiarity with distributed systems , cloud - based computing ( aws ) , containerization , kubernetes , event-driven architectures , and machine learning operations . familiarity with data engineering concepts and experience developing and operating data pipelines . understand our operating principles ; make them the guidelines for how you do your job . own the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first , give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint , and make them promoters of our products and services . know your stuff - be enthusiastic learners , users and advocates of our game-changing technology , products and services , especially our digital tools and experiences . win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas . be an active part of the net promoter system - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles , making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers . drive results and growth . respect and promote inclusion & diversity . do what 's right for each other , our customers , investors and our communities . this information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role . it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties , responsibilities and qualifications . comcast is an eoe/veterans/disabled/lgbt employer . education bachelor 's degree relevant work experience 5-7 years base pay is one part of the total rewards that comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work . most sales positions are eligible for a commission under the terms of an applicable plan , while most non-sales positions are eligible for a bonus . additionally , comcast provides best-in-class benefits . we believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most , and should help you care for those who matter most . that ' s why we provide an array of options , expert guidance and always-on tools , that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality  -  to help support you physically , financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life . please visit the compensation and benefits summary on our careers site for more details . \r\n become a part of the nike , inc. team nike , inc. does more than outfit the world ' s best athletes . it is a place to explore potential , obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be . the company looks for people who can grow , think , dream and create . its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination . the brand seeks achievers , leaders and visionaries . at nike , inc. it ' s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game . who we are looking for \r\n summary posted : jan 26 , 2022 role number : 200337323 the deep learning research engineer will work in a small and dynamic team to design and implement cutting edge computer vision algorithms for apple products . key qualifications 2+ years of industry experience in applied research in the field of deep learning and computer vision experience in deep learning in one of the following : object detection , segmentation , tracking , pose estimation , action recognition , differentiable rendering \r\n summary posted : jan 11 , 2022 role number : 200331066 services at apple help hundreds of millions of customers get the most out of the devices they love through amazing apps , award-winning shows and movies , immersive music in spatial audio , world-class workouts and meditations , super fun games and more . the apple media products data science & analytics organization is passionate about developing discerning insights and machine learning solutions to help continually improve these services and accelerate growth while maintaining a strong dedication to customer privacy . we are currently seeking an experienced and influential applied marketing science & machine learning manager to establish a unified approach to incremental marketing measurement and help optimize marketing communications at scale through predictive models for customer state changes and lifetime value . as a key member of our diverse and dynamic organization , you 'll have the rare and rewarding opportunity to work with datasets of unique magnitude , richness , and dedication to customer privacy that will frequently require innovative approaches . you 'll work collaboratively with partners across business , marketing , product and engineering daily to deliver material customer and business value . the position is based in los angeles . \r\n summary posted : feb 23 , 2021 weekly hours : 40 role number:200208120 this is a role of a software engineer who will be responsible for the design , build and enhancements of a scalable highly concurrent distributed platform . knowledge of popular machine learning tools and packages is helpful but can be an ongoing skill acquisition as part of the job . the mindset required and to be developed is how to process thousands of transactions per second , how to achieve the consistency without sacrificing the performance . key qualifications \r\n at shipt , we are transforming the grocery shopping experience and giving time back to consumers . shipt shoppers handpick fresh groceries and household essentials , then deliver them to your door in as little as one hour . we are currently on the lookout for a machine learning engineer for our shopper operations initiatives . this role is on a team that will help develop smarter ways to match shopper ' s with orders , improve route efficiency , predict departure and arrival timing for shoppers , forecast supply and demand , optimize pricing , and maximize operational success . are you passionate about machine learning , software development , sharing knowledge , growing your skills , and working with great people ? the shipt engineering team is growing , and we are looking for extraordinary engineers who enjoy building as much as we do . so if you are self-directed , enjoy autonomy in your work , and are an excellent participant in a team , please apply . what you ' ll gain you will get experience working with a cross-disciplinary team shipping real-world products to our customers around the nation . you will also receive hands-on mentorship from your friendly teammates on topics ranging from design to communications strategy . \r\n senior network engineer as a member of the advanced logic industries , inc. ( ali ) team , you will act in a consultative and hands on role to support our clients with their existing it requirements and make recommendations for future needs . you will be part of a team that builds strong relationships with engineering and sales team members , voicing product use cases and feedback based on customer and prospective opportunities . you will be part of a team that works together to ensure our client is receiving the highest standards of customer service . this position affords you the opportunity to predominately work remotely , with occasional light travel . pre-scheduled onsite travel in virginia may be required . what you will do  -  responsibilities assist in efforts of the design , testing and implementation of new systems architecture \r\n company description at intuitive , we are united behind our mission : we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care . through ingenuity and intelligent technology , we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints . as a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery , we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team , committed to making a difference . for more than 25 years , we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare ' s hardest challenges and advance what is possible . intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds . we believe great ideas can come from anywhere - we strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect.we lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as theirmost authentic selves . travel requirements:25 % of the time shift : day \r\n job summary : we are looking for a contracted/part-time/consulting controls engineer to help design , program , document , test , debug , and commission control systems projects for automated machinery and robotic equipment . we are seeking someone who takes initiative , eagerly contributes to overall team performance , enjoys providing technical assistance , and continually seeks to improves processes and standards . our controls team works very closely with our manufacturing team , so willingness to work in a collaborative space is crucial . pay is competitive and based on experience . this is not an introductory position . looking for someone with years of experience . job responsibilities : A design , implement , and maintain plc and hmi software programs and robotics \r\n we are a leading global market maker , using algorithmic trading and advanced technology to buy and sell securities on multiple trading venues worldwide . we provide liquidity to the financial markets , driving efficiencies for buyers and sellers . founded in the 1908 's , we are an ambitious , innovative company and identified early on the importance technology would play in the fast-paced evolution of trading . this entrepreneurial spirit still drives us today and can be found in all of our offices around the world . our team we now operate globally from offices in europe , the us and asia pacific . our employees work closely together in multidisciplinary teams , making our success possible . technology - here , technology is not a department , it is at the heart of everything we do . our technologists push the limits of possibility , and then look beyond . in our fast-paced environment , short feedback loops mean projects worked on in the morning can enter production the next day . \r\n job description a devops engineer is part of a key team of nordstrom technology professionals that applies scientific , mathematical and social principles to design , build , and maintain technology products , devices , systems and solutions . these technology products and solutions provide amazing customer experiences while meeting the needs of the business . the scope , responsibility and accountability at this level supports infrastructure and operational components , applications , device software , services or networks with minimal supervision . nordstrom credit technology designs , develops , and maintains systems that support our credit customers from new account acquisitions , to account maintenance including online and mobile interfaces , through fraud detection and payment collection . we work closely with our business partners using agile processes in a devops model that focuses on continuous improvement . we utilize technologies such as kubernetes , apache kafka , and aws to provide these foundations . we focus on automation and continuous integration and deployment to deliver quality results quickly . salary band for colorado only - $ 99,000 - $ 153,500 doe + bonus \r\n about s2 : s2 eliminates risks of separate red- and blue-teams by creating continuously optimized cybersecurity for the modern , constant-threat landscape . our centralized adversary simulation , detection and response platform , mage , uses advanced tradecraft to provide continuous red team-as-a-service . with mage , we find weaknesses before adversaries do , so that every threat is an opportunity for improvement . deployed as-a-service , s2 makes advanced real-time cybersecurity accessible for all organizations . with smart automation and continuous testing , we help you focus on the most imminent and most critical risks to your enterprise . s2 is a small business that is focused solely on cybersecurity and specializes in adversary simulation , protection and prevention services . we were founded by cybersecurity experts trained by the national security agency ( nsa ) who were joined by senior cybersecurity entrepreneurs with proven expertise within the federal government . we are a growing community of cyber professionals seeking like-minded individuals who are passionate about cybersecurity , seek innovation in our everyday work , hold ourselves and those around us accountable , and have a will to win . \r\n company introduction : the way we pay for healthcare in america today is fundamentally broken , burdened by layers of avoidable inefficiencies that drive up costs while creating damaging delays in the process . nomi health was founded in 2019 as a direct healthcare company with a simple yet bold mission : retool how we pay for healthcare to create a more cost-effective and simply effective - experience for employers , patients and providers alike . the nomi health team , now 70 employees strong worldwide , collaborates under the leadership of game-changing executives hailing from the likes of imagine health , optum , hirevue and goldman sachs . in the face of the pandemic , nomi health put its direct healthcare model to work , mobilizing to create and deliver effective , efficient , and quality covid-19 solutions to local governments , employers , and organizations . we invite you to join us in this mission . overview : \r\n devops / site reliability engineer bigbear.ai currently has an opening for a talented and passionate devops/site reliability engineer to join our top-notch team of forward-thinking engineers , data scientists , analysts , and innovators . the successful candidate will be a self-starter that demonstrates excellent communication and problem-solving skills with a strong drive for innovation . this is an ideal opportunity to be part of one the fastest growing ai/ml companies in the industry . at bigbear.ai , we 're in this business together . we own it , we make it thrive , and we enjoy the challenges of our work . we know that our employees play the largest role in our continual success . that is why we foster an environment of growth and development , with an emphasis on opportunity , recognition , and work-life balance . we give the same high level of commitment to our employees that we give to our clients . if bigbear.ai sounds like the place where you want to be , we 'd enjoy speaking with you . this position can be located in san diego , ca. , mclean , va. , or possibly remote . \r\n come join a growing financial technology company that ' s leading the marketplace in both the marketing and servicing of credit cards ! continental finance company specializes in credit card options for those consumers with less than perfect credit . we are seeking a senior devops engineer to support our information technology team . * * * cfc offers a hybrid work schedule which includes three ( 3 ) core days in the office ( tuesday , wednesday , and thursday ) and two ( 2 ) remote workdays ( monday and friday ) * * * essential functions : create and manage automated build and release pipelines in azure devops and aws . collaborate with other devops engineers and cloud architects to design and build a scalable infrastructure and cloud platform for our high-volume customer facing applications and web apis . \r\n job description : huntsman ' s global reporting & analytics team is now searching for a new data scientist who will be responsible for the creation of business and functional dashboards and visualizations of financial and functional performance metrics in support of business decisions . you will also work in close collaboration with the global finance , supply chain , marketing , commercial and global s & op teams within the performance products division with the potential to expand exposure across the company . this role is an active , full member in our global reporting & analytics team at our corporate office in the woodlands , texas . as the data scientist , you will : work closely with various teams by providing data visualization around business and functional performance . \r\n at liberty mutual , our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow . that 's why we provide an environment focused on openness , inclusion , trust and respect . here , you 'll discover our expansive range of roles , and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession . liberty mutual has proudly been recognized as a " great place to work " by great place to workA us for the past several years . we were also selected as one of the " 100 best places to work in it " on idg 's insider pro and computerworld 's 2020 list . for many years running , we have been named by forbes as one of america 's best employers for women and one of america 's best employers for new graduates - as well as one of america 's best employers for diversity . to learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit : https : //jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion we value your hard work , integrity and commitment to make things better , and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being . to learn more about our benefit offerings please visit : https : //lmi.co/benefits liberty mutual is an equal opportunity employer . we will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race , color , national origin , sex , sexual orientation , gender identity , religion , age , disability , veteran 's status , pregnancy , genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal , state or local law . bachelor 's degree 17 \r\n job title : senior software development engineer as a senior software development engineer you will be designing , integrating and implementing application software for vibrant america . you will be working on cutting edge customer facing applications . as the senior software development engineer , you will work with business groups to improve old applications and implement new ones . a passion for programming will be important , as well as a strong understanding of object-oriented fundamentals . responsibilities building new product features across the back end and front end using python , nodejs , html , css and vanilla javascript or frontend frameworks optimizing code for maintainability , scalability , and security \r\n overview : build the next generation of arcgis enterprise , a suite of products delivering state-of-the-art mapping and analytics capability to thousands of customers and millions of users worldwide . our team builds cutting-edge , highly-scalable , and reliable distributed software for on-premises and the cloud to make maps , geographic information , and analyses available on any device , anywhere , at any time . our javascript developers provide a strong technical voice in the product development process and use the best tools available to design and develop fantastic user experiences and ui . as a javascript developer , you will work with our cross-functional global team of product engineers , software engineers , designers , product managers , and release engineers . you will be actively involved in user experience design , its development , and its integration into the arcgis product . if you are passionate about user experience and building great front-end applications with an eye for design , join us ! responsibilities : requirements : recommended qualifications : the company : \r\n overview : are you passionate about creating good user experiences on the web ? so are we ! in the past few years , esri has put a large effort into making design tools accessible and powerful for experts , stakeholders , and the public . we are dedicated to continually pushing the boundaries of gis , and you can play a key role in our mission . at esri , we develop web applications based on our arcgis api for javascript . join our team of exceptional software engineers to design and implement our next generation of web gis applications , our javascript api , and our cloud solution arcgis online . responsibilities : develop the ux/ui of a new suite of web apps conceptualize , design , implement , and test innovative user interface components on top of our javascript api requirements : recommended qualifications : the company : \r\n at edward jones , we help clients achieve their serious , long-term financial goals by understanding their needs and implementing tailored solutions . to ensure a personal client experience , we have located our 15,000+ branch offices where our more than 7 million clients live and work . in a typical branch office , a financial advisor meets with clients and receives branch office support , so they can focus on building deep relationships with clients . headquarters associates in st. louis , tempe and mississauga provide support and expertise to help u.s. and canada branch teams deliver an ideal client experience . we continue to grow to meet the needs of long-term individual investors . at edward jones we are developing a next-generation data architecture to support our growing business . as part of the data management area , you will be challenged daily to test , deploy , and manage machine learning systems and tools to support data science use cases . in addition , you will help build ml ops processes to support the development of ml pipelines and the production deployment of models . the processes you help design and deploy will use devops principles to enable rapid iteration . you will partner closely with stakeholders like data scientists , data engineers , quality assurance analysts and many others to produce high-quality ml products . salary : $ 105753 - $ 180067 category : headquarters \r\n summary posted : jan 11 , 2022 role number : 200331066 services at apple help hundreds of millions of customers get the most out of the devices they love through amazing apps , award-winning shows and movies , immersive music in spatial audio , world-class workouts and meditations , super fun games and more . the apple media products data science & analytics organization is passionate about developing discerning insights and machine learning solutions to help continually improve these services and accelerate growth while maintaining a strong dedication to customer privacy . we are currently seeking an experienced and influential applied marketing science & machine learning manager to establish a unified approach to incremental marketing measurement and help optimize marketing communications at scale through predictive models for customer state changes and lifetime value . as a key member of our diverse and dynamic organization , you 'll have the rare and rewarding opportunity to work with datasets of unique magnitude , richness , and dedication to customer privacy that will frequently require innovative approaches . you 'll work collaboratively with partners across business , marketing , product and engineering daily to deliver material customer and business value . the position is based in los angeles . \r\n tiktok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video . our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy . tiktok has global offices including mountain view , los angeles , new york , london , paris , berlin , dubai , mumbai , singapore , jakarta , seoul , and tokyo . we 're seeking an experienced talent acquisition partner to support hiring efforts for tiktok engineering 's core product team . you will design tailored recruiting strategies to build a multidisciplinary , data-focused technical team from scratch , and closely collaborate with the business to implement various projects in order to reach recruiting goals . the ideal candidate is someone who is driven , hungry to learn , and excited to take on new challenges . what you will do : 1. drive full-cycle recruitment for research engineers , data engineers , and data scientists . 2. deeply understand the business logic , organizational model , and hiring needs . 3. partner closely with hiring managers and other stakeholders to develop sourcing and hiring strategies using a data-driven approach . 4. identify , attract , negotiate complex compensation packages and close all level candidates , continuously deliver high-quality candidates and fulfill the hiring goal . 5. ensure a high-touch candidate experience . 6. act as the employer branding champion to cultivate hiring managers and interviewers to represent tiktok 's culture in a meaningful way . 1 . 2+ years full-cycle technical recruiting experience in-house or with an agency . 2. demonstrated success filling data or machine learning-related engineering roles . 3. strong interpersonal skills with the ability to build rapport quickly with employees and communicate effectively with all levels of the organization . 4. a results-oriented self-starter who is data-driven , resourceful , innovative , intellectually curious , and takes initiative and risks . 5. strong passion for the creator industry with the ability to embrace and adapt to changes and learn quickly in a fast-paced environment . tiktok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills , experiences , and unique perspectives . our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace . at tiktok , our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy . to achieve that goal , we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach . we believe individuals should n't be disadvantaged because of their background or identity , but instead should be considered based on their strengths and experience . we are passionate about this and hope you are too . tiktok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations during our recruitment process . if you need assistance or accommodations , please reach out to us at hrbp-hr-accommodation @ tiktok.com . \r\n turnkey lender is an innovative , rapidly-scaling software company that provides lending automation platforms to a vast array of clients globally . our platform utilizes machine learning and flexible workflow design to power end-to-end lending solutions for banks , fintechs , brokers and other lenders . we are looking for a sales engineer to play an integral role in the customer decision process . the sales engineer will work with the us sales team to establish the business and technical value of turnkey lender ' s solutions in order to meet customer specific requirements and use cases . you will demonstrate turnkey lender ' s capabilities and guide customers through the solution design process to secure the " technical close " in complex solutions sales . responsibilities \r\n this position will be engineering support for consumers energy ' s high voltage distribution ( hvd ) electric lines in the areas of standards and materials . responsibilities also include overseeing compliance within the development of standards and emerging technologies to all applicable regulatory rules and codes ( including those from the mpsc , ansi , asce , nesc , ieee , etc . ) while finding standard solutions to complex electric system problems and innovative solutions ( emerging technologies , new standards and materials , etc . ) to further the advancement of the company 's hvd lines electric system . the position requires cross functional cooperation with construction and design organizations regarding project support and application of standards , as well as communication of these department documents to impacted groups in a concise manner that allows precise application of the standards and technology while working to protect the public . \r\n wellsky is looking for a detail-orientated senior marketing specialist to join our team . as the senior marketing specialist you will assist in the strategy , development , implementation , and optimization of digital and traditional marketing campaigns . you will also contribute to building a measurable , repeatable , automated process that fuels demand generation , lead qualification and lead nurturing . a day in the life ! you will be responsible for the following : implement innovative marketing campaigns , including programming campaigns in marketo and salesforce and tracking performance translate complex data into simple graphs and text \r\n unix network engineer job description this position is responsible for supporting the unix computing infrastructure and maintaining its availability . the unix network engineer ensures existing 421 ( est ) unix and linux based servers and related systems are maintained current following a predefined and appropriately approved patching schedule . general job description : installs , operates and maintains oracle linux 5-7 and solaris 10-11. installs , manages and uses monitoring systems like solarwinds , oem , splunk to track system availability , troubleshoot and resolve conflicts . \r\n business group highlights perspecta labs perspecta labs generates transformative applied research to fuel solutions for our customers ' unique challenges . we are a self-sustaining research center within perspecta that provides applied research and engineering to enable government agencies , utilities and commercial enterprises to fully exploit the future of communications , analytics and cyber security . responsibilities perspecta has an exciting opportunity for a machine learning software engineer to aid on the development of machine learning models and the software that is needed for the training and deployment of these machine learning model . in addition , the qualified candidate will engineer both structure and unstructured data that will be fed to and taken from the machine learning models . because the qualified candidate will be working closely with the data scientist , the candidate must have general understanding of machine learning . this position is located onsite at picatinny arsenal , nj . \r\n overview : for more than 100 years , our passionate mission of safety empowers us to protect lives . msa safety is a global leader in the development of safety equipment and pioneering technology that helps protect people and facility infrastructures around the world . we are committed to providing the latest in innovative , best-in-class safety solutions that feature integrated systems capability and allow our customers to return safely to their families and friends . every day our customers place their lives in our hands . in response , we provide them with protection they can trust . it is gratifying to lead the way as a source of inspiration . would you like to join our team of more than 5,000 employees world-wide dedicated to this purpose ? we hope so . responsibilities : responsibilities : qualifications : \r\n as a servicenow software engineer ii , you will be a solution engineer working to develop , design and own technical solutions on the servicenow platform using good practice programming techniques and scrum/agile methodologies . serve you rx helps employers who sponsor health plans and the consumers who are members of those plans save money on prescription drugs by offering pharmacy benefit management and the services of our self-owned and operated mail and specialty pharmacies . we have a great culture and benefits to include paid time off , and opportunities for advancement . we are excited to add a motivated self-starter to our team of smart and hard-working information technology professionals . position summary under general supervision , this position is responsible for architecture , design , and development of software to include requirements analysis , software design , coding , software integration , testing , debug , and maintenance . the software engineer ii may consult directly with clients and customers to determine business needs . this position handles a variety of work including moderately complex issues using good practice programming techniques and scrum/agile methodologies . \r\n at trevipay , we help clients grow by streamlining b2b payments through a combination of innovative technology , service expertise , and working capital to improve their customer ' s experience and free up funding for growth . we facilitate $ 6 billion in transactions per year in 18 currencies for customers in more than 27 countries . we specialize in payment and credit management for b2b companies across the globe , setting the stage for the future of omni-channel b2b payments by extending terms , handling invoicing and managing collections . we take care of our clients by taking care of their customers . every day , trevipay employees are challenged and empowered in a supportive , collaborative , entrepreneurial environment . are you ready to make an immediate impact by engineering the platform that continues to drive our unprecedented growth ? credit as a service ( caas ) is exploding in popularity  -  we need your help to build and scale it ! \r\n overview : join our family of companies and let us invest in your career and personal development ! at copper river information technology , your growth is our success . as an employee , you will have access to education and training benefits and work/life balance through our open leave policy . your health is most important , so you ' ll be " covered " with medical , dental and vision insurance . we offer immediate vesting with 401k matching , don ' t delay and apply today ! we are a seeking a network security engineer who is comfortable working in a professional services customer facing role and dealing with multiple projects with various customers . these projects may be large or small depending on the customer requirements and/or contract . potential of having to visit customers locations and work with engineers on network migrations , deployments and/or upgrades . responsibilities : qualifications : other responsibilities : \r\n automation engineer techlab , inc. develops , manufactures , and distributes medical diagnostic tests . this company places emphasis on science and collaboration with universities . we are looking to add a automation engineer to our team . an employee in this position can expect to perform the following duties : project and time management recommending , designing , simulating , programming , and operational testing of electrical or mechanical automation maintain , repair and troubleshooting of automation system controls , including but not limited to : motors , drives , plc , user interfaces and robotic systems \r\n 