front-end software engineer job overview eos group , inc. is one of the leading firms in providing professional services and software to the construction industry . we are seeking to hire a dynamic angular software engineer to join our team . you will be required to engineer a top-quality code base using modern techniques and best practices . you will also be tasked with creating an amazing user interface for our web applications . the ideal candidate will also have outstanding communication and collaboration skills . you will be working within a team of fellow front-end and back-end engineers to ensure smooth integration between ui and api layers . responsibilities design , develop , implement and support highly complex web applications using the latest technologies and tools including angular , html5 , css3 and associated technologies \r\n a philanthropic company that has been serving the community for over 15 years is seeking a software engineer to join their core engineering team . they are mission driven through their e-commerce platform where they donate a portion of their sales to various charities . recently they have contributed to building new schools and cancer research ! title : software engineer location : 100 % remote compensation : up to $ 165k doe term : full time responsibilities : develop our frontend & back-end platform , services , and api ' s to support our high traffic web and mobile platforms \r\n united states position description do you love commercial trucks and all things transportation ? does the thought of creating new product features for autonomous and electric battery vehicles excite you ? would you thrive in an environment working with some of the best engineers in the business to develop new , advanced and sustainable solutions for volvo & mack trucks ? are you ready to apply your classroom skill set in a real world application ? if so , volvo group trucks technology is seeking multiple entry level engineers to join our teams at our greensboro , nc and hagerstown , md locations ! you are a motivated and passionate engineer who is excited to work in the transportation industry with various systems involved in the research , design and manufacturing of class 8 heavy duty trucks . you thrive when working in cross-functional teams supporting engineering solutions . developing sustainable solutions for the future of the transportation industry excites you ! requirements : \r\n at liberty mutual , our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow . that 's why we provide an environment focused on openness , inclusion , trust and respect . here , you 'll discover our expansive range of roles , and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession . liberty mutual has proudly been recognized as a " great place to work " by great place to workA us for the past several years . we were also selected as one of the " 100 best places to work in it " on idg 's insider pro and computerworld 's 2020 list . for many years running , we have been named by forbes as one of america 's best employers for women and one of america 's best employers for new graduates - as well as one of america 's best employers for diversity . to learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit : https : //jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion we value your hard work , integrity and commitment to make things better , and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being . to learn more about our benefit offerings please visit : https : //lmi.co/benefits liberty mutual is an equal opportunity employer . we will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race , color , national origin , sex , sexual orientation , gender identity , religion , age , disability , veteran 's status , pregnancy , genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal , state or local law . 14 \r\n the software engineer will be responsible for developing and maintaining a vue.js frontend with a nodejs backend to display and manipulate manufacturing process information responsibilities include ( but not limited to ) : developing full stack javascript applications to visualize process data . developing unit test ( s ) . debugging and verifying code prior to implementation . collaborating with cross-functional development teams to implement solutions for manufacturing activities . ability to analyze manufacturing data , make recommendations and effectively share observations . \r\n sr network engineer - growing company , remote available about the company and opportunity : our client is looking to add a senior network engineer to join their growing company and team they are fantastic startup founded in 2016 that is passionate about building a strong , stable , and scalable tech foundation for their clients this is a fully remote opportunity for those in the denver metro area , no sponsorship offered flexible work hours , average of 35 a week some of what employees have to say : '' small team but actually friends , everyone here is someone you can trust and be vulnerable around '' # cfsfeb2022 \r\n network engineer salary negotiable pocasset , ma - some remote , some onsite resume to criss brient duties and responsibilities design , plan , and implement network communications systems for corporate locations develop processes to enhance network performance and reliability maintain technical expertise is all areas \r\n the professionals at the national security agency ( nsa ) have one common goal : to protect our nation . the mission requires a strong offense and a steadfast defense . the offense collects , processes and disseminates intelligence information derived from foreign signals for intelligence and counterintelligence purposes . the defense prevents adversaries from gaining access to sensitive classified national security information . the national security agency is a leader in deploying high-caliber solutions , continually moving forward and contributing to industry leading technologies . we are looking for results driven individuals that strive for excellence , enjoy the challenges of a fast paced environment and the desire to make a difference . we are looking for talented networking professionals to design , develop , deploy , sustain and monitor state-of-the-art network solutions ( wan , can , lan , dcn and satellite communications networks ) that are deployed across nsa worldwide . we are hiring entry to expert networking professionals with education and/or experience in several of the following areas : - multi-vendor infrastructure platforms ( i.e. , cisco , brocade , juniper , arista ) - network encryption devices and wan accelerators - multi-vendor layer 3 routing protocols ( i.e. , bgp , osfp , eigrp , igrp , hsrp , vrrp ) - virtual private networking ( i.e. , mpls , gre , l2vpn , evpn , pseudowire , ipsec , macsec ) - data center architectures and converged networks - current networking trends , including commercial implementations of software defined networks ( sdn ) for both data center network and wan applications - load balancing and application delivery controller technologies and implementations - wan architectures ( i.e. , carrier ethernet , optical fabrics ( otn ) , sonet ) - network monitoring tools ( i.e. , netflow tracker , hp network node manager , cisco lms , cisco call manager , wireshark , and splunk ) - network modeling ( riverbed/opnet , netsim ) - network boundary ( next generation firewalls ( palo alto , cisco firepower ) , ipsec/ssl vpn concentrators ) - cross domain solutions ( safenet mdex system , owl cyber defense cross domain solutions ) - technical certifications ( e.g. , ccna , ccnp , sec+ ) network professionals are hired into positions directly supporting a technical mission office or one of the different development programs like the information technology development program ( itdp ) . this program is a three-year full-time development program . the goal of the program is to provide entry-level information technology specialists ( that is , individuals with degrees in computer science , information systems , information technology , and related degrees and experience ) the opportunity to learn the various facets of the mission . these facets include : - development , engineering and deployment of nsa mission systems - architecture , development , building , and maintenance of nsa 's fault-tolerant world-wide information technology infrastructure - high-performance computing system development for cryptanalytic mission applications - human resources , financial , and other business data warehouse storage and access - information system security , engineering , testing , and evaluation \r\n overview : as a robotics engineer , senior , you ' ll be developing highly scalable , fault tolerant server-side and client-side applications for a large number of collaborative robots using various programming languages . you ' ll need to readily make decisions relating to algorithm development , framework design , implementation , and practical utility . responsibilities : develop graph search , planning , optimization , task allocation , and multi-robot/multiagent algorithms . manage robotic software and systems and their connection to cloud systems . develop and integrate mobile robot navigation technology and higher level behaviors . investigate how our robots perform in their environments to drive improvements to the robot ' s success research and propose algorithms and approaches for pushing the envelope in the performance of autonomous robots qualifications : \r\n work location : nasa ames research center - mountain view , ca - temporarily remote minimum citizenship : u.s. citizen or permanent resident job description - radneuro research engineer - space based neuromorphic processors we are looking for a research engineer to work with a team to develop energy efficient , radiation tolerant and fault tolerant neuromorphic processor for aerospace applications , with an emphasis on lunar , deep-space , and martian deployments . this involves first analyzing leading aerospace neural network ( nn ) applications and prototyping nn applications to determine requirements ( e.g. , size of nn , arithmetic precision required , frame rate required ) and then mapping to representative state of the art neural net accelerators and neuromorphic processors . the radneuro research engineer will , within the radneuro team , develop prototypes for the demonstration of embedded neuromorphic applications in nasa-relevant areas , such as small uas , rovers , or nanosats for the radneuro project . modern neuromorphic processors provide high performance while using minimal power for tasks like vision-based rover navigation , entry-descent-and-landing , sensor fusion , or on-board decision making . within this task , we aim to demonstrate selected capabilities using neuromorphic co-processors ( e.g. , google tpu , intel loihi , or akida brainchip ) with a prototypical implementation on a small existing platform ( tbd ) . \r\n position in either hanford , ca actively recruiting  -  excellent opportunity for experienced candidates . position function and scope : at del monte foods , inc. , we are taking a people-first approach to building a workforce of extraordinary talent and are looking for a trusted addition to our hanford plant management team . the process engineer will plan , direct , and coordinate activities concerned with the electrical design , control , installation , modification , and maintenance of equipment and machinery in a tomato processing plant . the selected candidate will direct , coordinate , and exercise functional authority for planning , organization , control , integration , and completion of capital projects within area of assigned responsibility . \r\n overview : in 1969 esri 's founder started a company dedicated to making the world a better place through geographic information . since then , we 've grown into the world 's leading gis software company but have never lost sight of that original idea . we make the world a better place by providing our customers with industry leading gis software products that allow them to use `` the science of where '' to make better decisions , be it in business , education , or government . today , you have the opportunity to join our company and our vision as a build/devops engineer . you 'll be directly supporting esri 's software developers by designing and implementing processes , tools , and workflows that constantly strive to make software development simpler , more streamlined , and more intuitive for our software developers . responsibilities : develop tools and scripts for build automation requirements : recommended qualifications : the company : \r\n about iptiq iptiq is a risk tech start-up within swiss re group . swiss re is one of the world ' s leading providers of reinsurance , insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer . we anticipate and manage a wide variety of risks , from natural catastrophes and climate change to cybercrime . iptiq provides digital , bespoke and transparent l & h and p & c protection products in a b2b2c manner . founded in 2014 , we 're transforming the way consumers buy insurance with a unique digital insurance engine which incorporates the latest technology with world-class underwriting capabilities . we build strong partnerships to sell insurance via trusted brands . iptiq offers a flexible working environment where curious and adaptable people thrive . are you interested in joining us ? \r\n about flow flow solves the complexity of fund infrastructure . we connect information across investors , providers , investments and systems to realize our mission of empowering thought . powered by dynamic tools and human centric interfaces , our cross platform saas technology networks and adapts to the myriad of ways funds operate to optimize productivity and increase time invested into making decisions . by bringing flow to the $ 10 trillion alternative asset market , we are able to increase the speed of decisions , the speed of capital and the speed of growth that serve as the lifeblood for all market based economies . our remote team of ~30 is distributed throughout the americas ( usa , mexico , canada , and uruguay ) . our small , but mighty team is backed by world-class investors . at flow , we are building an environment that supports career growth and affords opportunities to work with great people and technology . about you \r\n attunely is looking for a senior data scientist to join our highly experienced team ! this role will work with our data science group to develop and implement individualized ml models for our customers in the financial sector . the ideal candidate is adept at developing and improving predictive models , as well as rigorously evaluating their effectiveness . they must have significant experience of working with large amounts of data from multiple sources and at translating their insights into code . they must be comfortable working across teams and with a range of stakeholders . the right candidate will have a passion for economic modeling and for working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes , as well as drive for personal growth within the data science field . responsibilities : work with the data science team to develop machine learning models for customers . use analytical methods and research skills to assess and improve models and modeling techniques and prove their effectiveness . \r\n as a machine learning data scientist at meta , you will have the opportunity to do groundbreaking applied machine learning work that will shape the industry and the future of people-facing and business-facing advanced ai solutions we build to solve problems and make user experience better across meta . our work spans the spectrum from near-term ( working closely with product teams to improve people ' s experience within a given half ) to medium-term ( inventing ai solutions that we then inspire product teams to adopt ) , to long-term ( blue-sky ai research without any specific applications in mind ) .by applying your machine learning/ai knowledge and technical skills , analytical mindset , and product intuition to one of the richest data sets in the world , you will help define the experiences we build for billions of people and hundreds of millions of businesses around the world . you will collaborate on a wide array of product and business problems with a diverse set of cross-functional partners across product , engineering , research , data engineering , marketing , sales , finance and others . you will use machine learning/ai knowledge , data and analysis to identify and solve advanced ai research and product development ' s biggest challenges . you will influence ai research and product strategy and investment decisions with data , be focused on impact , and collaborate with other teams . by joining meta , you will become part of a world-class analytics community dedicated to skill development and career growth in analytics , data science , machine learning , ai and beyond.about the role : product leadership : you will use data to understand the product and business ecosystem , quantify new opportunities , identify upcoming challenges , and shape product development to bring value to people , businesses , and meta . you will help develop strategy and support leadership in prioritizing what to build and setting goals for execution . you will evaluate tradeoffs of shipped features/ml systems , and drive large efforts across multiple teams to reduce technical debt.analytics : you will guide product teams using data and insights . you will focus on developing hypotheses and employ a diverse toolkit of rigorous analytical approaches , different methodologies , frameworks , and technical approaches including ml to test them . you will research challenging ml questions to inform experimentation and ml development , build and code measurement frameworks , tools , and instrumentation to measure and analyze data used within the ml lifecycle.communication and influence : you won ' t simply present data , but tell data-driven stories . you will convince and influence leaders using clear insights and recommendations . you will build credibility through structure and clarity , and be a trusted strategic partner . facebook 's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together . through our family of apps and services , we 're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world , gives them ways to share what matters most to them , and helps bring people closer together . whether we 're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach , people at facebook are builders at heart . our global teams are constantly iterating , solving problems , and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways . together , we can help people build stronger communities - we 're just getting started . facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer . we do not discriminate based upon race , religion , color , national origin , sex ( including pregnancy , childbirth , or related medical conditions ) , sexual orientation , gender , gender identity , gender expression , transgender status , sexual stereotypes , age , status as a protected veteran , status as an individual with a disability , or other applicable legally protected characteristics . we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories , consistent with applicable federal , state and local law.facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process . if you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability , please let us know at accommodations-ext @ fb.com . \r\n nsa overview : the professionals at the national security agency ( nsa ) have one common goal : to protect our nation . the mission requires a strong offense and a steadfast defense . the offense collects , processes , and disseminates intelligence information derived from foreign signals for intelligence and counterintelligence purposes . the defense prevents adversaries from gaining access to sensitive classified national security information . at nsa , data science is a fundamental discipline and is present in nearly every aspect of the mission . nsa is the nation 's leader in providing foreign signals intelligence while also protecting u.s. government information systems , forging the frontier of communications , and data analysis . we serve the american people by applying technical skills to meaningful work , keeping our friends and families safe for generations to come . you will make a lasting impact serving your country as a data scientist at the national security agency , using your curiosity and technical expertise to analyze large data sets to inform decision-making against foreign threats . description of position : data science at nsa is a multi-disciplinary field that uses elements of mathematics , statistics , computer science , and application-specific knowledge to gather , make , and communicate principled conclusions from data . data science is present in every aspect of the mission . nsa data scientists tackle challenging real-world problems leveraging big data , high-performance computing , machine learning , and a breadth of other methodologies . we are looking for critical thinkers , problem solvers , and motivated individuals who are enthusiastic about data and believe that answers to hard questions lie in the yet-to-be-told story of diverse , complicated data sets . you will employ your mathematical science , computer science , and quantitative analysis skills to develop solutions to complex data problems and take full advantage of nsa 's capabilities to tackle the highest priority foreign intelligence and cybsersecurity challenges . the data science development program ( dsdp ) is a three-year opportunity to develop and enhance your data science skills for an nsa career . participants experience the breadth of data science at nsa through six- to nine-month assignments in a variety of diverse organizations , and collaborate with nsa 's experts in the field of data science . you will have opportunities to attend technical conferences with experts from industry and academia . you will routinely discuss and share nsa 's challenges and successes at weekly technical roundtables . you will study data science and related subjects in nsa-taught classes . we foster an environment where you will develop your data science skills , allowing you to quickly contribute to nsa 's highest priority mission challenges . graduates of the dsdp may choose their first permanent assignments from any of the nsa directorates , depending on availability . as a data scientist at nsa , your responsibilities may include : - exploratory data analysis and exploratory model-fitting to reveal data features of interest - machine-learned predictive modeling - collecting and combining data from multiple sources - identifying and analyzing anomalous data ( including metadata ) - applying scientific methods to data evaluation , performing statistical inference , and data mining - developing conceptual design and models to address mission requirements - developing qualitative and quantitative methods for characterizing datasets in various states . - performing analytic modeling , scripting , and/or programming -working collaboratively and iteratively throughout the data-science lifecycle - developing analytic plans , engineer supporting algorithms , and design and implement solutions which execute analytic plans . - designing and developing analytics and techniques for analysis - analyzing data using mathematical and statistical methods - evaluating , documenting , and communicating research processes , analyses , and results to customers , peers , and leadership - creating interpretable visualizations \r\n q link wireless is looking for a front-end web developer to create and maintain consumer facing web applications for millions of monthly users . this is an exciting full-time opportunity to work with a professional team of experts in marketing , design , and development . q link wireless is one of the nation 's fastest-growing telecom providers . our mission is to wirelessly connect people to their world , regardless of income , by offering free and low-cost cell phone service . this is a full-time position for an individual that is seeking a long-term commitment . responsibilities : communicate with marketing , design , and backend teams as well as executives to design and implement new product features and fixes . analyze , troubleshoot , and architect solutions that solve internal and external challenges . \r\n about us launchify is a growing san diego-based ecommerce company that creates brands and markets directly to consumers . you 'll be a part of an innovating team that 's taking concepts to market , with a super casual environment that promotes creativity and camaraderie . they do n't teach this kind of stuff anywhere ! the role we are looking for an experienced senior web designer to join our team ! this is a position for someone who has already has at least 4 years of graphic design and web page design experience , preferably related to ecommerce . what you 'll do you 'll work closely with the marketing and dev teams to churn out engaging graphics and designs ! with a large product catalog , many brands , and lots of traffic , there is a never-ending need to design new pages , and optimize , test , and improve existing ones . \r\n we are looking for an enthusiastic , creative , and professional lead designer who is versatile and experienced in responsive website design , specifically well-versed in photoshop/invision apps . the perfect candidate has the traditional design process on lock-down and has direct experience designing and creating website flow , sales funnels , branding , etc . what you 'll do : in this role , you will be the lead designer on our e-commerce team . you will develop full-page designs in photoshop from strategic wire-frames generated by the strategy team . other tasks will include creating promotional web material for rotating promos and other programs . front-end developers will take your designs and develop them using nuxt/vue.js into our website . other promotional/digital assets may be required for other areas like email , display ads , and print media . \r\n summary posted : dec 28 , 2021 weekly hours : 40 role number:200325445 imagine what you could do here . at apple , excellent ideas have a way of becoming phenomenal products , services , and customer experiences very quickly . bring passion and dedication to your job and there ' s no telling what you could accomplish ! apple is seeking a frontend software engineer to join our global network services retail & enterprise software development team . this role involves building scalable web applications that aid in deploying , monitoring and securing the network infrastructure in our retail stores and corporate offices globally . this is an extraordinary opportunity to join a small , collaborative team , build expertise through the entire software lifecycle , and express your creativity ! \r\n job description nordstrom isn ' t just another job  -  it ' s a career . we are a leading fashion retailer that has offered the very best of what is on trend for men , women , and children since 1901. we believe in rewarding outstanding work , developing employees ' careers and building long-term relationships with our customers . as a senior engineer at nordstrom , you will have the opportunity to combine your passion for technology and fashion to build a compelling and delightful experience for our valued customers . this position is abouta at nordstrom , we strive to help our customers feel good and look their best . in fact , customer understanding is at the very heart of what we do . using technology like edge computing and computer vision , we strive to deepen that understanding while genuinely respecting our customers ' privacy . this is such an exciting space that we presented this team ' s work at grace hopper last year in a talk entitled " customer insights : leveraging computer vision and edge computing ! " colorado : $ 114,000 - $ 176,500 annually , nevada : $ 114,000 - $ 176,500 annually \r\n summary we started generally intelligent because we believe that software with human-level intelligence will have a transformative impact on the world . we ' re dedicated to ensuring that that impact is a positive one . we have enough funding to last for decades , and our backers include y combinator , researchers from openai , lightspeed , threshold , and many others . this role is about creating software to support our scientific and engineering-driven approach to developing machines with human level intelligence . about the role you will run experiments in order to more deeply understand both the current solutions ( e.g. , what specific deep neural networks are learning ) and the current problems ( e.g. , what about the training data makes it difficult to learn the patterns that seem so obvious to us ) . these experiments include changing the network architecture as well as the training data distribution ( our data is mostly simulated ) . \r\n company description at intuitive , we are united behind our mission : we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care . through ingenuity and intelligent technology , we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints . as a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery , we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team , committed to making a difference . for more than 25 years , we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare ' s hardest challenges and advance what is possible . intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds . we believe great ideas can come from anywhere - we strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect.we lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as theirmost authentic selves . travel requirements : none shift : day \r\n growing engineering team looking for sr. full-stack javascript engineer we are a distributed engineering team that has a great deal of respect and interest in new technologies , and are looking for candidates who do too . we work on a variety of projects and we mainly use javascript technologies like node on the back-end , and frameworks on the front-end like react , vue , or angular . we ' re more interested in your deep understanding of web development and development concepts like code architecture , maintainability , and best practices , than we are if you know a particular framework or technology we are using . while we know how to have fun , our work culture is based around professionalism , respect for each other , and highly-productive habits that do not compromise a healthy and sustainable work/life balance . as such , we ' ve described our ideal candidates as `` studio-musician developers '' instead of `` rock-star developers . '' the ability to work and communicate well with a team is critical . if you can stay focused and get work done on a reasonable schedule , that is more important to our team than the ability to soldier through long hours . while every job requires bursts of workload from time to time , we view `` crunchtime '' as a process failure , not a badge of honor . \r\n senior network engineer as a member of the advanced logic industries , inc. ( ali ) team , you will act in a consultative and hands on role to support our clients with their existing it requirements and make recommendations for future needs . you will be part of a team that builds strong relationships with engineering and sales team members , voicing product use cases and feedback based on customer and prospective opportunities . you will be part of a team that works together to ensure our client is receiving the highest standards of customer service . this position affords you the opportunity to predominately work remotely , with occasional light travel . pre-scheduled onsite travel in virginia may be required . what you will do  -  responsibilities assist in efforts of the design , testing and implementation of new systems architecture \r\n minimum qualifications bachelor ' s degree in computer science or related field and ten ( 10 ) years of experience in the network infrastructure industry ; or an equivalent combination of training and experience . advanced knowledge of microsoft azure environments . ability to provide advanced architecture and design , project management , implementation , installation , configuration , maintenance , monitoring and troubleshooting all lan/wan networks ( cisco ) , wireless controllers and wireless networks , meraki wireless access points and security appliances , cisco routing and routing protocols ( eigrp , bgp , ospf ) , dmvpn , nat , qos , acl and voip . experience with and ability to use word , excel , powerpoint and visio are also required . a current valid driver ' s license and good driving record required . based on the virginia dmv point system , record must not reflect a total of six or more demerit points within the twenty-four months preceding the anticipated hire date , or one major violation of six demerit points within the preceding thirty-six months . out of state driving records must be obtained by applicant and presented at time of interview . records must reflect at least three years of history and be dated within thirty days of interview . pre-employment drug testing , fbi criminal background check and education/degree verification required . this position is subject to working in high security areas governed by the us department of justice ' s " criminal justice information services ( cjis ) security policy " and therefore requires successfully passing a more stringent criminal background check . \r\n are you ready to invest in your career with a rapidly growing airline ? the network engineer is responsible for managing all aspects of the wan , lan , telecommunications and wireless networks . day-to-day responsibilities and accountability : manage and maintain all network equipment and backups . build , design and support all network architecture . monitoring , troubleshooting and improving lan/wan traffic . design and implement new monitoring solutions . document all networking architecture and diagrams . \r\n are you ready to invest in your career with a rapidly growing airline ? the network engineer is responsible for managing all aspects of the wan , lan , telecommunications and wireless networks . day-to-day responsibilities and accountability : manage and maintain all network equipment and backups . build , design and support all network architecture . monitoring , troubleshooting and improving lan/wan traffic . design and implement new monitoring solutions . document all networking architecture and diagrams . \r\n mesh automation is looking for talented lead electrical controls engineers to perform leadership , design , and commissioning activities for custom automated systems . mesh designs and manufactures custom industrial machinery as well as performs control system integration . technologies include plc ' s , hmi ' s , robotics , machine vision , and motion control . travel requirements are 25 % or less . our customer base is from a diverse range of markets which provides engineers with great experience on different processes and technologies . responsibilities : 1. implement and manage controls projects within budget and schedule . 2. represent mesh professionally with vendors , customers , and internal co-workers . 3. create efficient hardware and software designs for automation systems . \r\n description job description : serve as a robotics engineer with a specialty in computer vision for the applied science division in huntsville , al ! our team ' s mission is to : ( 1 ) develop and demonstrate new alternative navigation technologies to meet urgent military operational needs to operate in gps-challenged environments , and ( 2 ) rapidly transition this technology to operational platforms to outpace the adversary threats currently being faced in the field . project involves small teams of engineers working together in spiral or agile development environments to meet aggressive customer schedules aimed at near-term field demonstrations of emerging capabilities . our core competencies include sensor fusion , computer vision , hw/sw integration , and machine learning . typical customers include defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) , army combat capabilities development command ( ccdc ) engineering centers , office of naval research ( onr ) , and air force research laboratory ( afrl ) . we are looking for a candidate who is interested in applying classic and deep learning computer visions algorithms from initial concept development through successful prototype field demonstrations . \r\n at edward jones , we help clients achieve their serious , long-term financial goals by understanding their needs and implementing tailored solutions . to ensure a personal client experience , we have located our 15,000+ branch offices where our more than 7 million clients live and work . in a typical branch office , a financial advisor meets with clients and receives branch office support , so they can focus on building deep relationships with clients . headquarters associates in st. louis , tempe and mississauga provide support and expertise to help u.s. and canada branch teams deliver an ideal client experience . we continue to grow to meet the needs of long-term individual investors . at edward jones we are developing a next-generation data architecture to support our growing business . as a devops / sre technical consultant , you will help design , configure , code , test implement , enhance and support contact center tools , modules and integrations using the leading-edge technologies on cloud platform . in this role , you will work closely with developer and devops enablement teams building ci/cd pipelines , along with working closely with our sre enablement team optimizing new and existing systems , building infrastructure , and reducing work through automation . you will serve as one of the primary devops and sre technical consultants for the team . you will undertake the most complex it projects involving multiple disciplines or layers , some of which impact multiple business units . salary : $ 76798 - $ 130764 category : headquarters \r\n job description a devops engineer is part of a key team of nordstrom technology professionals that applies scientific , mathematical and social principles to design , build , and maintain technology products , devices , systems and solutions . these technology products and solutions provide amazing customer experiences while meeting the needs of the business . the scope , responsibility and accountability at this level supports infrastructure and operational components , applications , device software , services or networks with minimal supervision . nordstrom credit technology designs , develops , and maintains systems that support our credit customers from new account acquisitions , to account maintenance including online and mobile interfaces , through fraud detection and payment collection . we work closely with our business partners using agile processes in a devops model that focuses on continuous improvement . we utilize technologies such as kubernetes , apache kafka , and aws to provide these foundations . we focus on automation and continuous integration and deployment to deliver quality results quickly . salary band for colorado only - $ 99,000 - $ 153,500 doe + bonus \r\n job title : devops engineer location : redmond , wa duration : 1 year summary : the main function of a devops engineer is to build functional systems that improve software experience . a typical devops engineer is responsible for deploying product updates , identifying and troubleshooting production issues as well as implementing integrations . responsibilities : modify existing software to correct errors , allow it to adapt to new hardware , or to improve its performance . implement integrations as requested by internal/external customers ind123 \r\n to qualify for this role , you should have the following experience : knowledge/experience in administration and troubleshooting for two ( 2 ) or more of the following : devops/deployment , orchestration management , and/or configuration management knowledge/experience in continuous integration technology ( e.g . chef , puppet , docker , jenkins , ansible , or related tools ) . bachelor 's degree in information science/information technology , data science , computer science , engineering , mathematics , physics , or a related field with 1+ year of experience or equivalent experience in a technical position job summary about us amazon is now offering flexibility to choose among 3 different working models , in-office , hybrid , and virtual . employees will be required to reside within a commutable distance of the office they are assigned to . they are assigned to but have the flexibility to regularly work from home as well as from the office . employees on a hybrid work pattern will be expected to attend their assigned office a minimum of one day per week . these employees will follow agile seating when in office . office based on their time zone , and are not required to attend an office on a regular basis . if needed , virtual employees may go into an office for critical trainings , meetings and team- building events . these employees will follow agile seating when in office . amazon web services is the market leader and technology forerunner in the cloud business . as a member of the aws support team you will be at the forefront of this transformational technology , assisting a global list of companies and developers that are taking advantage of a growing set of services and features to run their mission-critical applications . as a cloud support engineer , you will act as the ' cloud ambassador ' across all the cloud products , arming our customers with required tools & tactics to get the most out of their product and support investment . would you like to use the latest cloud computing technologies ? do you have an interest in helping customers understand application architectures and integration approaches ? are you familiar with best practices for applications , servers and networks ? do you want to be part of a customer facing technology team helping to ensure the success of amazon web services ( aws ) as a leading technology organization ? if you fit the description , you might be the person we are looking for ! we are a group of smart people , passionate about cloud computing , and believe that world class support is critical to customer success . what can you expect from a life at aws ? every day will bring new and exciting challenges on the job while you : why aws support ? we hire smart people who are keen to build a career with aws , so we are more interested in the areas that you do know instead of those you haven ' t been exposed to yet . the deployment role supports our services that focus on devops technologies , including automation , continuous integration and configuration management . the minimum pay range for this position in colorado is $ 67,400 to $ 118,000 ; however , base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge , skills , and experience . amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace . amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race , national origin , gender , gender identity , sexual orientation , protected veteran status , disability , age , or other legally protected status . for individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation , please visit https : //www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . \r\n position requires a top secret ( ts/sci ) clearance with a polygraph . this job position will work closely with it , development as well as other technology stakeholders to maintain , develop and support an ic enterprise products  -  legacy and new products  -  in an agile safe environment . the foundations devops engineer will work collaboratively with software engineering to deploy and operate systems . help automate and streamline operations and processes . build and maintain tools for deployment , monitoring and operations , and troubleshoot and resolve issues in dev , test , and production environments . this position is for the datalake operations team experience with aws development and tool is required . experience with jenkins , cloudformation , terraform , python is preferred poly is required estimated salary : position level : level 1  -  subject matter expert salary range : up to $ 215,000.00 per year \r\n job description job title cloud infrastructure and operations engineer reporting to head of data center operations mission and role our client is looking for an experienced cloud infrastructure and operations engineer to join our clients global infrastructure and operations function . you will be part of an operations team that is responsible for managing and providing 24x7 day to day support for on-premise and public cloud and future offerings . \r\n healthcareAs helping hand . : chg shook things up in 1979 by inventing the locum tenens staffing model . we connect doctors with patients who need their care . as the largest physician staffing firm in america , our providers treat millions of patients each year . our industry is growing and demand is high . this means you ' ll have plenty of opportunities to grow and develop in your career . keeping healthcare healthy can be as fun as it is rewarding . as a condition of employment at chg healthcare you must be fully vaccinated against covid-19 prior to your start date , subject to reasonable accommodations as required by law . to learn more about our commitment to health and safety of our people , click here . as a platform engineer you will build and improve the chg platform which will provide multiple cross-functional teams the ability to develop , test , secure , and deploy applications in a cloud native way . your role : : your qualifications : : in return , we offer : : how to get started : \r\n sr. data scientist here 's your rare opportunity to join our client 's exciting , fast-growing , and dynamic team in suffern , ny ! about you : you have 3++ years of solid expertise in developing market forecasting , analysis and campaign reporting . you have strong experience in r and python java , alteryx , vba , sql , etl a plus . you ' re well-spoken , and can verbally communicate well with fortune 500 clients . your excel skills are wizard level . \r\n who we are insurity is a leading property and casualty insurance software and data analytics provider , working with some of the world ' s largest insurers , brokers , and mgas , including 15 of the top 25 p & c carriers in the us . with 900+ team members globally , 10 office locations , and 300+ customers , we have a deep understanding of the insurance business , unparalleled technology expertise , and a singular focus of delivering a simplified insurance experience to our customers . insurity 's next data scientist our data scientist will be an integral part of insurity analytics , working closely and collaboratively with insurance domain authorities , data analysts , engineers , and customers . they will develop highly robust predictive models that provide significant and measurable results for our customers . additionally , they will partner with the sales and marketing teams to perform then deliver modeling proofs-of-concept & retro-tests , as well as help craft and deliver compelling product performance reads , product & concept education , and value proposition messaging . \r\n your job the smb monetization group focuses on growth and monetization for indeed 's flagship employer product . every day , we help employers around the world post jobs and find the best candidates . our team works on many of the highest impact strategic initiatives at the company 's marketplace . you will be responsible for the team that defines the value proposition for small to medium businesses . the monetization team builds experiences that help employers select the right products to help them make a hire . one of our core principles is a dedication to data-driven decision-making . to do that well , we need product scientists with a strong product sensibility to work alongside our product managers and technical leads . our product science team is a part of the indeed data science group . while machine learning is one tool in our toolbox , product scientists use a variety of skills with the goal of driving business impact using whatever tools necessary . \r\n requisition id : r10028270 category : research and sciences location : unknown city - md , united states of america citizenship required : united states citizenship clearance type : secret telecommute : yes- may consider full time teleworking for this position shift : 1st shift ( united states of america ) travel required : yes , 10 % of the time positions available : 1 at northrop grumman , our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people 's lives around the world today , and for generations to come . our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation 's history - from the first flight across the atlantic ocean , to stealth bombers , to landing on the moon . we look for people who have bold new ideas , courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future , and have fun along the way . our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity , cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work  -  and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible . our employees are not only part of history , they 're making history . \r\n dealerops is hiring front end developers to help us build the future of retail automotive business management ! we are an innovative , growing automotive saas company in atlanta looking for front end developers to work on web sites and applications . our primary technology stack is react , node and microsoft sql server . if you have front end experience , we would love to hear from you ! the basic job duties are : plan and implement web applications and websites , based on client requests working knowledge of modern front end tools , particularly react and javascript maintenance of websites and applications understanding user needs and the ability to balance those needs with form and function \r\n job description date : 12/2021 frontend developer nova creative is seeking an experienced frontend developer to join our team . an ideal candidate will have a passion for creating solutions for our clients in an agency setting that is a fast-paced and fun environment . experience working with a professional team , of various skill levels and expertise , is necessary to the success of this role . qualifications : 3-5 years of professional experience building websites strong knowledge of html , css and javascript ( and applicable browser support ) \r\n ns4ed is a rising leader and valued education partner in technology-based career and college education services . by tackling complex and relevant issues we offer a unique perspective to drive mission-critical change in a community , district , or organization . we are seeking a qualified web developer , problem solver , creative thinker to collaborate with a fast-paced , dynamic team . within this role , you will work cross-functionally and serve as the subject matter expert in the development and expansion of key service and client-facing sites . be a key influencer to strategically build and expand our existing websites by translating our company and customer needs into functional and appealing interactive applications . advise the team on technical best practices including structural seo , content organization , online course management , payment capabilities , and inbound lead generation . candidates must be detail-driven , hard-working , and passionate about quality . the right person will be self-motivating and thrive in a team environment . the position requires experience with html , css , php and wordpress . \r\n 1. have experience in e-commerce website development , understand common languages and development tools for e-commerce website development ; 2. have the ability to independently develop e-commerce websites ; 3. familiar with the construction of e-commerce website membership systems . 4. familiar with the optimization of e-commerce website seo . 5. familiar with the payment system of the e-commerce website . 6. familiar with the logistics tracking system of the e-commerce website . 7. familiar with the social sharing function of e-commerce websites . 8. be confident in yourself and be able to challenge yourself ; 9. have team coordination and the ability to participate in team-building ; 10. be good at communicating and expressing ideas actively . benefit conditions : \r\n it 's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they 're doing ! we 're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business . position description : oversees , implements , supports and monitors a group of creatives to effectively achieve project and departmental goals . work directly with senior advertising executive to identify opportunities to maintain or improve final results among all efforts . works in collaboration with internal customers and provides creative direction team on assigned projects . leads development of aep marketing materials including those required in mota committee and ensures cms deadlines are reached . responsibilities in charge of managing internal client petitions . 1. lead mota meeting and follow-up on weekly status from all internal departments 2. lead aep materials creation along internal departments , ranging from product communication , book covers , enrollment forms , sales presentations and any other material needed to support enrollment period 3. distribute jobs and manage the flow of day-to-day operations according to corporate priorities . 4. keeps a clear record and tracks all creative work developed internally 5. establishes priorities for the creative team in order to meet deadlines . 6. identifies team ' s potential and assign jobs accordingly . 7. provide clear instructions to team members . 8. work closely with the marketing specialist in order to ensure all efforts are within cms marketing guidelines . 9. works closely with the business solutions department in requesting quotes , sharing final artwork , selecting appropriate materials and final distribution of petitions handled by the marketing department as well as petitions from internal clients . 10. receives invoices , handles check requests and prepares new-vendor forms as needed 11. other duties as assigned \r\n job title : supplier quality engineer job code : supqualeng001 summary : the supplier quality engineer ( sqe ) is responsible for verifying suppliers are capable of achieving and maintaining quality standards set forth by lincoln industries . this includes part specific requirements as well as supplier quality standards . the sqe will work directly with the global supply chain department to perform supplier assessments , periodic audits to ensure standards are consistently achieved , and supplier performance scorecards to continuously monitor supplier performance . in addition to tracking supplier quality performance , the sqe will serve as a subject matter expert to the suppliers as the need arises to address quality problems to determine root cause , corrective actions , and cost reduction . the sqe will be the primary conduit to the supplier to communicate and resolve quality issues . salaried exempt \r\n we are hiring : medical lab scientist- ascension sacred heart bay medical- panama city , fl shift : full time evenings $ 7500 sign on bonus available ! what you will do : perform routine diagnostic and analytic testing of laboratory specimens independently . perform , validate , interpret , document and report laboratory test results . may collect and process specimens . perform instrument maintenance and troubleshooting . what you will need : why join our team : equal employment opportunity employer : e-verify statement : \r\n secure our nation , ignite your future provides technical expertise in the management of a public and/or private network such as internet protocol ( ip ) networks , wide area networks ( wans ) , and public switched telephone networks become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an industry leading organization , where our employees come first . at mantech international corporation , you ' ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement . currently , mantech is seeking a motivated , career and customer-oriented network engineer to join our team in the laurel , maryland location . \r\n automation engineer techlab , inc. develops , manufactures , and distributes medical diagnostic tests . this company places emphasis on science and collaboration with universities . we are looking to add a automation engineer to our team . an employee in this position can expect to perform the following duties : project and time management recommending , designing , simulating , programming , and operational testing of electrical or mechanical automation maintain , repair and troubleshooting of automation system controls , including but not limited to : motors , drives , plc , user interfaces and robotic systems \r\n 