summary posted : jan 14 , 2022 weekly hours : 40 role number:200332160 as we are proud of our consumer products , we believe that the attention to detail , the aesthetic , the quality has to be carried all the way through for you to sleep well at night . we have the responsibility to build the tools to help our customers in the intersection of privacy , security and efficiency . we utilize creative problem solving to build high quality , beautiful , and intuitive web applications . do you love building performant web applications in an efficient and sustainable way ? do you want to make a strong impact at a broad scale , with your deep technical expertise ? . our work is critical , complex , challenging , and highly rewarding . if all of this resonates with you and you want to participate in development that has a wide effect to our customers and company . come join us on the icloud customer tools team ! \r\n [ work from home ] senior network engineer location : alexandria , va with work from home options salary : $ 80,000 - $ 150,000 doe + bonus + benefits benefits : medical , dental , life , ad & d , 401k , pto job type : full-time typical hours : monday  -  friday , 8:00 am  -  5:30 pm ; on call support when needed travel : up to 20 % ( local site visits when needed ) mileage reimbursed start date : asap sponsorship not available [ work from home ] senior network engineer description our client is looking for a senior network engineer to add to their team in alexandria , va. reporting to the president , you will have the opportunity to design and implement networks ( switching , routing , firewalls , wireless ) and utilize your strong troubleshooting skills with a focus on providing strong customer satisfaction . the ideal candidate will enjoy working with different customers and verticals in different spaces , solving different problems while not being focused on a single product . this is a wonderful opportunity to join a company that has been around for decades and is working towards tripling its size over the next few years . you will be key to helping grow and create a team / department that supports our customers , team members , and data center environment . \r\n job title : senior network engineer job type : contract , potential contract-to-hire or direct hire dependent on what candidate is open to client location : fort worth , tx description : a gts customer in the fort worth , tx area is seeking a network architect to join their team . this role is accountable for design , delivery , security , capacity planning , and optimization of network services . the expectation is to provide technical subject matter expertise and skills to deliver highly available , high performing , secure , scalable , and flexible network capabilities that support and drive the vision and organization strategic goals . work involves design and coordinating activities associated with all networks ; coordinating network architectural design and physical hardware installation , training , monitoring , and analysis of existing hardware and software ; and evaluating potential network enhancements . assigns and supervises the work of others . works under limited supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment . \r\n mechanical engineer  -  ( f4 or higher ) fancort industries robotic integration division ( rad ) is looking for a mechanical engineer . the rad group has 2 main focuses and ties into a larger more diverse group of divisions under the fancort umbrella . rad develops custom application-specific robotic automation equipment as well as focuses on r & d to develop new standard products . our team is small and focused on explosive growth through scalability . fancort ' s company hierarchy is based on a role agnostic merit system . this role requires you to be at an f4 within 90 days from starting . you will be coached and given a clear set of goals/deliverables for your first 90-day sprint to reach the f4 level : f4  -  autonomous o requires no oversight \r\n motion controls robotics , inc ( mcri ) is a leader of automation solutions for manufacturing industries across the world . as a level 4 , certified servicing integrator , we specialize in automation systems for industries such as the food & beverage , plastics , building & construction materials , converting and board & sheet goods industries . at mcri , we want people who are looking for a career and not just a job . we believe it is our positive , " fun " work atmosphere that makes our employees actually enjoy coming to work . it is important to us that all of our employees get the chance to grow with mcri while achieving personal and professional goals in a challenging and exciting work environment . position overview : mcri is looking for an innovative individual to join our team as a mechanical engineer . this position affords a high degree of responsibility and autonomy in your work . with a desire to learn more about the robotics industry , the opportunity for advancement is available . training opportunities include on-the-job training , tuition payment for courses related to your position and/or a degree , and onsite or internet-based training from the leading provider of robots , fanuc america . \r\n covid-19 continues to significantly impact our employees , families and communities . with employee health and safety as our top priority , and as a federal contractor , lockheed martin is taking action to address the increased risk and uncertainty covid variants pose in the workplace and ensuring we meet our commitments to national security . to uphold safety for all employees , we will continue to request vaccination status for all lockheed martin employees including new hires . all current and newly hired employees who are unvaccinated will be required to adhere to onsite safety protocols . description : this job is aligned with our 21st century warfare ( 21cwfaia ) initiative to help the u.s. and its allies leverage emerging technologies to deter threats to economic prosperity and national security . at lockheed martin , we are passionate about innovation and integrity . we believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and forward-thinking , everything is within our capacity  -  and yours as a lockheed martin employee . lockheed martin values your skills , training , education and background . lockheed martin is committed to supporting women in the workforce and fostering a more inclusive and equitable workplace for women . whether you ' re looking to start your next career chapter or are interested in joining a company where you ' ll be empowered to be your best , apply today for the opportunity to join this global security and aerospace company . do you want to be part of an environment that encourages and supports employees to think big , perform with quality and build incredible products ? we provide the resources , inspiration and focus - if you have the resourcefulness and courage to work hard , then we want to build a better tomorrow with you . come and experience your future ! define the future of aviation . stand at the forefront of technology and innovation . transform your ideas and dreams into reality . join lockheed martin ' s flight controls and autonomy team and be part of the greatest transformation in aviation history ; unmanned fully autonomous flight . the flight controls and autonomy team is currently seeking highly motivated technology pioneers with a desire to steer and lead the autonomy industry . successful candidates must be willing and able to work on highly complex challenging problems , leading to world-changing technological breakthroughs . team ' s technical areas of emphasis include fly-by-wire flight control systems , guidance/navigation & control ( gnc ) , flight test , autonomy , aviation robotics , perception , ai and motion planning . this is a technical position associated with the development of fly-by-wire flight control systems with an emphasis on flight control system architecture , autonomy , flight control software , guidance/navigation and control ( gnc ) and system test . in this role , the flight control and autonomy engineer will work in all areas of the system development cycle including detail design , integration and test . the engineer will also be responsible for working in the development of flight control system simulators/labs , aircraft schematics , flight testing and civil certification efforts . look no further , the future of aviation is here . join our awesome team today ! in addition to the responsibilities highlighted above we offer extensive benefits that include competitive 401k and insurance . we remain an equal opportunity company . ms or 2+ years of experience b.s . electrical engineering or b.s . computer engineering or b.s . aerospace engineering or b.s . robotics engineering control systems , signal processing or autonomy academic background . control , guidance , navigation or autonomy vehicle experience ( preferably in the aviation field ) via academic projects or professional experience . design and implementation of multy-layer state machines . experience in target-vehicle ( aircraft or other ) systems engineering in the areas of design , integration and test . model based design experience . experience in faa certification procedures such as 178b/c and/or do-254 . private pilot license or any other aviation/piloting training . familiarity with any the following software/system tools : matlab , simulink , doors , c/c++ , machine learning or python . job.qualifications join us at lockheed martin , where your mission is ours . our customers tackle the hardest missions . those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage , resilience and precision . they ' re dangerous . critical . sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives . those are the missions we care about . as a leading technology innovation company , lockheed martin ' s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers ' toughest challenges . lockheed martin has employees based in many states throughout the u.s. , and internationally , with business locations in many nations and territories . experienced professional \r\n the central vermont location of a national technology firm is looking to add a senior electrical engineer to their growing team . the ideal candidate would work well independently , be self-motivated , and want to contribute to team success . central vermont has the added bonus of being the home of top-rated skiing , biking , hiking , and vast cultural activities . senior electrical engineer responsibilities : lead the full cycle of design , integration , and testing of electrical systems in a variety of areas including security products , robotics , and geotechnical sensors define system-level architecture and support integration and demonstration of new designs lead a group of junior-level engineers senior electrical engineer requirements : at goodwin recruiting we are committed to our core values . we take our value , dedicated to diversity & inclusion , very seriously and will never discriminate against a candidate or client based on any protected classes . our clients seek qualified candidates , and that s what we deliver . a person 's age , gender , race , sexual orientation , gender identity , national origin , veteran or disability status , or arrest or conviction record has no bearing on whether he , she , or they are able to do the job . we evaluate the knowledge , skills , and abilities that meet the requirements of the position and aim to open doors and change lives . we value all people , understanding that uniqueness and diversity foster a stronger team that is innovative and brings varying perspectives to the table . we put our money where our mouth is and are proud of our efforts to identify a broad slate of candidates , with many hiring success stories to share . \r\n a global leader in injection molding and contract manufacturing is looking for a tooling engineer with injection molding expertise . you ' ll work directly with customers to manage all aspects of their custom injection molding projects . this is a direct-hire opportunity for the right candidate with competitive pay , full benefits , and a $ 3,000 hiring bonus ! responsibilities of the tooling engineer critique design for injection molds for functionality and manufacturability plan and initiate product and mold revisions , and provide customer with input on product enhancement assist in the development of automation and process control concepts to ensure lowest possible part cost and zero-defect manufacturing lead cross functional team through design reviews and apqp process \r\n about us simulogix llc is an aerospace/defense systems engineering service provider with 25+ years of launch vehicle and spacecraft experience ( including ground systems ) . we are a small business focusing on guidance , navigation & controls systems ; system engineering ; software engineering ; electrical engineering ( e.g . digital design/avionics , high-power electronics , rf/communications , emi/emc , eo/ir , etca ) and mechanical engineering ( e.g . structural analysts , solid modelers , thermal engineers , etca ) . our company headquarters are located in california , but our engineers located throughout the country . simulogix holds a ts facility clearance . several of our engineers have ts/sci clearances . we have years of experience working with spacecraft & launch systems integrators including aerojet-rocketdyne , lockheed-martin , raytheon , northrop-grumman , general dynamics , boeing , orbital-atk ( ngc is ) , apl , snc , as well as their suppliers , e.g . moog , honeywell , draper labs , a . additionally we have been working with companies focused on some of the newer commercial and/or crossover technologies including uavs , cube satellites ( e.g . planet labs ) and 3d metal printers . as all of us across the industry have realized we must deal with cyber security and hence we are starting up a cyber security division having recently hired a new manager to lead that . we now have both hardware and software cyber security engineers onboard . \r\n a unique position has arisen for a skilled , enthusiastic , and results-oriented data scientist in the budding global mapping group of a growing telecommunications company located in lexington , massachusetts . vanu inc is a global leader in providing wireless coverage to the 1.2 billion people worldwide currently unable to connect , with a particular focus on markets in africa and south east asia . as a cartographically oriented data scientist you will help us to develop the technology and insight we need to address growing international interest in and application of our unique industry disrupting network planning and mapping capabilities . you will be an integral member of our analytics department focused both on the formulation of novel applications and the streamlining of existing tech . the necessary credentials : -master ' s degree or better in engineering or science-related field \r\n bryn mawr communications , llc - bmc is a dynamic media company that excels in state-of-the-art medical trade publishing . we pride ourselves in developing market-leading print and web-based publications staffed by self-motivated professionals who enjoy becoming fully immersed in their fields . we nurture a tightly knit , team-driven atmosphere by working closely with our art , digital , and client-relations colleagues , with collaboration at the core of what we do . fyra , a division of bryn mawr communications was created to represent the passion and drive behind a team of digital professionals for bettering the interactive standards in the healthcare industry . the junior web developer will have the opportunity to gain valuable real-world experience working on many facets of our digital projects in a small-team , collaborative environment . this position will report to and support the developer team with tasks including but not limited to banner ads , emails , social media graphics , presentations , and updates to our large portfolio of websites . this position is an ideal fit for current seniors , or recent grads , with the opportunity to be hired on a temp to perm or a full-time permanent basis , dependent upon the candidate ' s skills and work experience . this position is remote , but applicants local to the philadelphia/conshohocken , pa area are preferred , and you will be expected to work during eastern time business hours . \r\n job description frontend developer responsibilities : build out well-tested , polished user experiences and applications using modern , component-based frameworks like react and graphql shepherd products from designs and specifications to production deployments build re-usable components and libraries for consumption by the open-source community that pull data from and interact with blockchains create trustworthy user experiences by building interfaces that are simple , easy to comprehend , performant and reliable using modern tools like react , typescript , and graphql \r\n about us launchify is a growing san diego-based ecommerce company that creates brands and markets directly to consumers . you 'll be a part of an innovating team that 's taking concepts to market , with a super casual environment that promotes creativity and camaraderie . they do n't teach this kind of stuff anywhere ! the role we are looking for an experienced senior web designer to join our team ! this is a position for someone who has already has at least 4 years of graphic design and web page design experience , preferably related to ecommerce . what you 'll do you 'll work closely with the marketing and dev teams to churn out engaging graphics and designs ! with a large product catalog , many brands , and lots of traffic , there is a never-ending need to design new pages , and optimize , test , and improve existing ones . \r\n after 70 years in the business , king 's seafood company continues to grow-getting bigger and better with each year ! sales are up , guest counts are up , come grow `` up '' with us ! here 's what we 'll bring to the table : competitive compensation medical , dental , vision , and life insurance , plus savings and veterinary discounts for pets ! 401k match education reimbursement accrued vacation and sick days dining discount for you and up to 5 guests \r\n summary posted : jan 24 , 2022 weekly hours : 40 role number:200334002 the ai/ml information intelligence team is creating groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence , machine learning and natural language processing ! the features we create are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for . our universal search engine powers search features across a variety of apple products , including siri , spotlight , safari , messages and lookup . as part of this group , you will be doing large scale machine learning and deep learning to improve query understanding and ranking of search and developing fundamental building blocks needed for artificial intelligence . this involves developing sophisticated machine learning models , using word embeddings and deep learning to understand the quality of matches , online learning to react quickly to change , natural language processing to understand queries , taking advantage of petabytes of data and signals from millions of users and combining information from multiple sources to provide the user with results that best satisfies their intent and information seeking needs . \r\n keona health is changing the way patients are interacting with their doctors . bring cutting edge customer service trends to healthcare . we are leading the development of healthcare ' s only modern , ai-based crm . join our company during this period of growth ! this is a 100 % remote work job that covers full health benefits for you and your family . we help our devs grow to the next level , taking on advanced experience . every employee gets stock options and a sign-on bonus . for more information , see https : //www.keonahealth.com this job is permanently 100 % remote . salary : $ 125,000 and up work as part of a dynamic team on the development of health desk , keona ' s premier flagship patient access platform built in react on .net . \r\n * * * please note to apply for this role you must be authorized to work in the united states . this position does not support sponsorship . this position can be remote . we are seeking a controls designer to work for our client in upstate , ny . this is a chance to work for a leading manufacturer of case packing and robotic palletizing solutions . design state-of-the-art machinery for customers in industries such as : food and beverage , dairy , pharmaceutical , personal care , plastics , and more . role responsibilities : design , develop and implement equipment control systems and subsystems for multiple simultaneous projects following established design standards and practices . commission equipment , including final acceptance , prior to shipment . commission equipment at customer ' s facility as required . \r\n about sapphiros ai bio is leading a transformation in the understanding of the correlation of genetics and cellular processes . with access to one of the worlds largest bio banks this individual will be at the heart of the most innovative project in bioscience . this position requires broad technical experience in designing , developing and implementing ai solutions . experience with complex data models and organizing structured and unstructured data is a requirement . the candidate should be independent and accustomed to taking initiative . the candidate must be scientifically independent , confident , and accustomed to taking initiative while problem solving . the position requires strong communication and organization skills . role \r\n cytoveris inc. is changing the paradigm in cancer surgery through the introduction of optical based " guided surgical tools " . cytoveris is working at the convergence of optical science , cancer biology , and machine learning and translating that convergence to clinical application . our technology helps surgeons to discern between cancer tissue and healthy tissue in real-time during surgery and as a result will increase the probability of successful surgical outcomes . we use multi-spectral light analysis , coupled with machine learning , to provide an optical " fingerprint " of tissue . if you ' re inspired by the possibilities of technology to improve patients ' lives and you thrive on working in a dynamic environment where each person can make a significant difference , consider joining our team . we offer competitive salaries and the benefits of a startup , including stock options and flexible work location . position : lead computer vision machine learning engineer we are seeking a motivated senior data scientist to develop and optimize image-based machine learning algorithms for our novel biomedical optical products . this position will help define the architecture and methodology , as well as drive improvements to our classification algorithms that are the foundation upon which our products are built . this position reports to the chief software architect and manages a team of ml engineers and guides the direction and implementation of the company ' s algorithm development efforts . the right person will offer a balance of strategic direction in ml and the ability and willingness to deep dive into the code of machine learning algorithms . \r\n we are seeking an engineering manager to join the xr tech team , an organization focused on productizing novel technologies in ar and vr devices . in this role , your job will be to both manage and partner with groups working across the full spectrum from research to product development , managing our technical investment portfolio supporting multiple products across different timelines . you will oversee and be responsible for a broad array of state-of-the-art technology areas , spanning eye tracking , computer vision and machine learning , and designed to run on low-power client devices . prospective candidates should have sufficient technical depth and breadth in the associated set of technologies to make portfolio management , resourcing and roadmap decisions . responsibilities : leading an organization comprised of technology leaders , applied scientists and engineers from prototyping across development and integration of advanced systems relying heavily on computer vision and machine learning technologies facebook 's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together . through our family of apps and services , we 're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world , gives them ways to share what matters most to them , and helps bring people closer together . whether we 're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach , people at facebook are builders at heart . our global teams are constantly iterating , solving problems , and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways . together , we can help people build stronger communities - we 're just getting started . facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer . we do not discriminate based upon race , religion , color , national origin , sex ( including pregnancy , childbirth , or related medical conditions ) , sexual orientation , gender , gender identity , gender expression , transgender status , sexual stereotypes , age , status as a protected veteran , status as an individual with a disability , or other applicable legally protected characteristics . we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories , consistent with applicable federal , state and local law.facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process . if you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability , please let us know at accommodations-ext @ fb.com . \r\n overview : world travel holdings is seeking remote , backend java developers for its business to business ( b2b ) division . the backend java developer will be responsible for creating and maintaining cutting-edge web based applications , and support of legacy applications . the ideal candidate has 2+ years of java development experience with spring boot and hibernate jpa/dao . about world travel holdings world travel holdings is the nation ' s largest cruise agency and award-winning leisure travel company with a portfolio of more than 40 diverse brands . in addition to owning some of the largest brands distributing cruises , villas , resort vacations , car rentals , resort day passes and luxury travel services , world travel holdings has a vast portfolio of private-label partnerships comprised of top leisure travel providers , including almost every u.s. airline , leading hotel brands and prominent corporations . the company also operates a top-rated travel agency franchise and the country 's original host agency , and is consistently recognized as an industry leader in work-at-home employment . its global presence includes operating multiple cruise brands in the united kingdom . world travel holdings has offices in wilmington , mass . ; ft. lauderdale , fla. ; and chorley , england . for more information , visit worldtravelholdings.com . responsibilities : qualifications : \r\n purpose of job we are seeking a talented mid-level software engineer for our san antonio , tx , phoenix az , or plano , tx facility . this person may also work in a 100 % remote work environment . provides support to the enterprise and has an opportunity to significantly impact organizational growth and effectiveness through delivering best in class technology solutions . engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include ; gathering and analyzing requirements , designing , testing , documenting and implementing software , responding to outages . identify and manage existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensure these risks are effectively identified and escalated to be measured , monitored , and controlled . job requirements about usaa usaa knows what it means to serve . we facilitate the financial security of millions of u.s. military members and their families . this outstanding mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level . usaa careers  -  world class benefits ( 31 seconds ) about usaa it our most meaningful qualification is n't technical , it 's human . here , we do n't just sit in front of a screen . we stand behind our 12 million members who rely on us every day . we are over 5,000 employees strong , a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles . we 've been a top-two computerworld 100 best places to work in it five years in a row and were recently named a top 50 employer for minority engineers & it by workforce diversity magazine . identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role . ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified , measured , monitored , and controlled . follows written risk and compliance policies and procedures for business activities . design , develop , code , and test complex technical solutions collaborating with senior engineers . may lead code/design reviews to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning at a team level . may begin to organize work and lead team to deliver features and solutions . resolves complex production issues with independence by troubleshooting complex applications and systems independently . may begin mentoring junior engineers . bachelor 's degree in related field of study , or certification from an approved technical field of study , or 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required . 4 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline ( s ) /technology ( s ) when you apply for this position , you will be required to answer some initial questions . this will take approximately 5 minutes . once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses . the above description reflects the details considered vital to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job . usaa has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive . you are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position . the salary range for this skill is : $ 82,200 - $ 158,900 * ( this does not include geographic differential it may be applied based on your work location ) employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the usaa board of directors . geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average . will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours . at usaa our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical , financial , and emotional wellness . these benefits include comprehensive medical , dental and vision plans , 401 ( k ) , pension , life insurance , parental benefits , adoption assistance , paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours , and various wellness programs . additionally , our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals . please click on the link below for more details . usaa total rewards relocation assistance is not available for this position . \r\n foreflight is looking for a java software engineer to join our web services organization . at foreflight , the web services organization is responsible for the services that power the best selling ipad app for pilots . our apps are essential to help pilots safely and efficiently fly their airplanes and we live up to that responsibility . we are customer focused and known for our fanatical customer support , which extends down to our engineering teams . we run the code we build . engineers will work closely with their team members to deliver projects , fix issues , and learn the intricacies of the systems they work on . less experienced engineers are paired up with a more experienced team member who provide mentorship , training , and technical feedback . we have openings on several of our teams including identity and access management , data sync , weather , flight planning , document management , and mapping . a pilot-coder , or individual looking to pursue his or her private pilot license , is a plus . benefits include medical insurance , 401k with matching , and flight training reimbursement . remote options are available in addition to relocation to any of our 3 offices . \r\n foreflight is looking for a java software engineer to join our web services organization . at foreflight , the web services organization is responsible for the services that power the best selling ipad app for pilots . our apps are essential to help pilots safely and efficiently fly their airplanes and we live up to that responsibility . we are customer focused and known for our fanatical customer support , which extends down to our engineering teams . we run the code we build . engineers will work closely with their team members to deliver projects , fix issues , and learn the intricacies of the systems they work on . less experienced engineers are paired up with a more experienced team member who provide mentorship , training , and technical feedback . we have openings on several of our teams including identity and access management , data sync , weather , flight planning , document management , and mapping . a pilot-coder , or individual looking to pursue his or her private pilot license , is a plus . benefits include medical insurance , 401k with matching , and flight training reimbursement . remote options are available in addition to relocation to any of our 3 offices . \r\n the city of naperville it department is looking for an experienced network engineer to join its team . this technology professional will work with an outstanding group of it professionals to implement , maintain , support , and optimize data and voice communication networks within the city 's metropolitan area network ( man ) and between the city and external networks in order to provide maximum performance and availability for city staff and residents . duties the network engineer will be responsible for the maintenance and high availability of the city ' s network , including the network connectivity to 50+ city facilities and two redundant isp connections for internet access and cloud services . this position will work as part of a team to upgrade , troubleshoot , and repair a variety of networking hardware including firewalls , routers , switches , voice over ip ( voip ) phone system applications and wireless . the network engineer will be responsible for the creation , evaluation , modification and implementation of network configurations to maximize network efficiency consistent with the city 's existing technology investments and long term strategic plan . \r\n senior network engineer as a member of the advanced logic industries , inc. ( ali ) team , you will act in a consultative and hands on role to support our clients with their existing it requirements and make recommendations for future needs . you will be part of a team that builds strong relationships with engineering and sales team members , voicing product use cases and feedback based on customer and prospective opportunities . you will be part of a team that works together to ensure our client is receiving the highest standards of customer service . this position affords you the opportunity to predominately work remotely , with occasional light travel . pre-scheduled onsite travel in virginia may be required . what you will do  -  responsibilities assist in efforts of the design , testing and implementation of new systems architecture \r\n network operations lead engineer searching for a hard-working network operations lead engineer with a natural ability to take charge and lead . a high-profile client , in need of a well-versed and experienced network operations lead engineer who can take lead and ownership of projects to assist the client with their high-growth scaling . this candidate will be working side-by-side with senior corporate management on highly sensitive projects directly impacting all functionality of the client ' s network . this position will be the leader of the network operations team with oversight of two teams - the engineering and data centers . this director role is responsible for leading a team of managers that manages engineers who handles the provisioning of standard service requests , triage/response to network related incidents/problems , and implementation of complex changes in the data center networks . these environments consist primarily of juniper , cisco , arista , aruba , with scripting of python and go . what you ' ll do : \r\n in this age of disruption , organizations need to navigate the future with confidence by tapping into the power of data analytics , robotics , and cognitive technologies such as artificial intelligence ( ai ) . our strategy & analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems . by joining our team , you will play a key role in helping to our clients uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data and transforming the government and public services marketplace . work you 'll do support the government and public sector computer vision offering . work with other computer vision engineers , software engineers , data scientists , and client domain experts to develop and deploy computer vision solutions . the team deloitte 's government and public services ( gps ) practice - our people , ideas , technology and outcomes-is designed for impact . serving federal , state , & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions , our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption , reimagine the possible , and fulfill their mission promise . the gps analytics and cognitive ( a & c ) offering is responsible for developing advanced analytics products and applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data in order to advance and enable the key mission outcomes for our clients . our team supports all phases of analytic work product development , from the identification of key business questions through data collection and etl , and from performing analyses and using a wide range of statistical , machine learning , and applied mathematical techniques to delivery insights to decision-makers . our practitioners give special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decision-makers that consume insights . required : at deloitte , our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day . from entry-level employees to senior leaders , we believe there 's always room to learn . we offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global , fast-changing business world . from on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs , our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career . # li-gps # ind : gps \r\n description job description : serve as a robotics engineer with a specialty in computer vision for the applied science division in huntsville , al ! our team ' s mission is to : ( 1 ) develop and demonstrate new alternative navigation technologies to meet urgent military operational needs to operate in gps-challenged environments , and ( 2 ) rapidly transition this technology to operational platforms to outpace the adversary threats currently being faced in the field . project involves small teams of engineers working together in spiral or agile development environments to meet aggressive customer schedules aimed at near-term field demonstrations of emerging capabilities . our core competencies include sensor fusion , computer vision , hw/sw integration , and machine learning . typical customers include defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) , army combat capabilities development command ( ccdc ) engineering centers , office of naval research ( onr ) , and air force research laboratory ( afrl ) . we are looking for a candidate who is interested in applying classic and deep learning computer visions algorithms from initial concept development through successful prototype field demonstrations . \r\n covid-19 continues to significantly impact our employees , families and communities . with employee health and safety as our top priority , and as a federal contractor , lockheed martin is taking action to address the increased risk and uncertainty covid variants pose in the workplace and ensuring we meet our commitments to national security . to uphold safety for all employees , we will continue to request vaccination status for all lockheed martin employees including new hires . all current and newly hired employees who are unvaccinated will be required to adhere to onsite safety protocols . description : this job is aligned with our 21st century warfare ( 21cwfaia ) initiative to help the u.s. and its allies leverage emerging technologies to deter threats to economic prosperity and national security . come and experience your future ! be the best possible you ! leading to world-changing technological breakthroughs . at lockheed martin , we are passionate about innovation and integrity . we believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and forward-thinking , everything is within our capacity  -  and yours as a lockheed martin employee . lockheed martin values your skills , training , education , and background . do you want to be part of an environment that encourages and supports employees to think big , perform with quality and build incredible products ? we provide the resources , reassurance , and focus - if you have the resourcefulness and courage to work hard , then we want to build a better tomorrow with you . define the future of aviation . stand at the forefront of technology and innovation . transform your ideas and dreams into reality . join lockheed martin ' s flight controls and autonomy team and be part of the greatest transformation in aviation history ; unmanned fully autonomous flight . the flight controls and autonomy team is currently seeking highly motivated technology pioneers with a desire to steer and lead the autonomy industry . successful candidates must be willing and able to work on highly complex complicated problems . team ' s technical areas of emphasis include fly-by-wire flight control systems , guidance/navigation & control ( gnc ) , flight test , autonomy , aviation robotics , perception , ai , and motion planning . this is a technical position associated with the verification of fly-by-wire flight control system software with an emphasis on flight control system architecture , autonomy , flight controls , and guidance/navigation and control . the general scope of the work involves generation of test cases and results to test matlab/simulink and hand-code modules in accordance with the objectives of rtca/do-178b/c for software components at all design assurance levels ( level a-e ) . verification activities include functional level testing , structural coverage ( statement , decision , mcdc , object level ) , execution of test cases , generation of test results ( i.e. , test logs , listings , and coverage results ) , test case tracking , and test results reviews . the applicant will also be responsible for requirements based level testing of both high-level ( hlr ) and low-level ( llr ) software requirements . in addition to the responsibilities highlighted above we offer extensive benefits that include competitive 401k and insurance . we remain an equal opportunity company . m.sc or phd in computer science , robotics engineering or related science field 5+ years of experience job.qualifications join us at lockheed martin , where your mission is ours . our customers tackle the hardest missions . those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage , resilience and precision . they ' re dangerous . critical . sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives . those are the missions we care about . as a leading technology innovation company , lockheed martin ' s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers ' toughest challenges . lockheed martin has employees based in many states throughout the u.s. , and internationally , with business locations in many nations and territories . experienced professional \r\n company info : innovative b2b marketplace platform , experienced team , serial entrepreneur founder , well-funded , already profitable . our mission is to make it easy to conduct b2b commerce anywhere . we provide the fundamental technology infrastructure to give manufactures , brands , vendors , buyers , and customers the ability to leverage the power of our global ecosystem . www.hubx.com this is a remote position ( headquarters office hours 9:00  -  18:00 eastern time zone ) general requirements : reliable accountable and can work without supervision can work independently and as part of a team \r\n visit.org is looking for an intelligent , ambitious dev ops engineer to join our team remotely . this is an opportunity to apply scientific , mathematical and social principles to design , build , and maintain technology products , devices , systems and solutions.the right candidate will have an entrepreneurial spirit , extreme passion for our mission , and the energy and discipline to come in and be a builder in a start-up tech environment . visit.org is a fast-paced , early-stage start-up company , a certified b-corp , and a benefit corporation , and in the business of building a global infrastructure for the world ' s purpose economy . our saas technology is at the core of our mission to help enterprise companies engage their teams in social impact and diversity , equity , and inclusion ( dei ) programming . what motivates us there is room for everyone ! we empower each other to innovate and create processes that use technology to generate meaningful , lasting change . we enjoy the challenge of finding solutions to problems that are not a way around it but through it . we ' re driven by the opportunity to help enterprises and their employees around the world to contribute to their communities . \r\n predictive modeler lancer insurance company , inc.  -  long beach , ny lancer insurance company is looking for a talented and motivated predictive modeler to work with a data architect and/or data scientist to develop predictive models to provide modeling solutions that meet organizational needs and to perform in-depth analysis to guide and support strategic business decisions . the right candidate will be a successful communicator and self-starter with strong analytical skills who exhibits creativity , hustle , integrity , and teamwork . duties and responsibilities : A identify areas where data can be used to improve business activities , defining business users ' requirements . make recommendations for the usage of data in business and communicate the benefits and return on investment for application and product owners . \r\n who we are insurity is a leading property and casualty insurance software and data analytics provider , working with some of the world ' s largest insurers , brokers , and mgas , including 15 of the top 25 p & c carriers in the us . with 900+ team members globally , 10 office locations , and 300+ customers , we have a deep understanding of the insurance business , unparalleled technology expertise , and a singular focus of delivering a simplified insurance experience to our customers . insurity 's next data scientist our data scientist will be an integral part of insurity analytics , working closely and collaboratively with insurance domain authorities , data analysts , engineers , and customers . they will develop highly robust predictive models that provide significant and measurable results for our customers . additionally , they will partner with the sales and marketing teams to perform then deliver modeling proofs-of-concept & retro-tests , as well as help craft and deliver compelling product performance reads , product & concept education , and value proposition messaging . \r\n q link wireless is looking for a front-end web developer to create and maintain consumer facing web applications for millions of monthly users . this is an exciting full-time opportunity to work with a professional team of experts in marketing , design , and development . q link wireless is one of the nation 's fastest-growing telecom providers . our mission is to wirelessly connect people to their world , regardless of income , by offering free and low-cost cell phone service . this is a full-time position for an individual that is seeking a long-term commitment . responsibilities : communicate with marketing , design , and backend teams as well as executives to design and implement new product features and fixes . analyze , troubleshoot , and architect solutions that solve internal and external challenges . \r\n statement of purpose : the web developer will be responsible for managing the development , operation and maintenance of the corporate website , as well as being a key member of the marketing team implementing the strategic vision based on the marketing/communication strategy developed by executive management . duties will include a combination of web development , on-site optimization , server-side improvements , user experience , evaluating results and reporting . local candidates please apply . compensation : this position is exempt and not eligible for overtime pay . why sun health ? sun health has been supporting healthcare in the west phoenix metropolitan area for over 50 years and continues its mission to champion superior health and wellbeing through philanthropy , inspired living , and wellness programs . \r\n summary posted : dec 28 , 2021 weekly hours : 40 role number:200325445 imagine what you could do here . at apple , excellent ideas have a way of becoming phenomenal products , services , and customer experiences very quickly . bring passion and dedication to your job and there ' s no telling what you could accomplish ! apple is seeking a frontend software engineer to join our global network services retail & enterprise software development team . this role involves building scalable web applications that aid in deploying , monitoring and securing the network infrastructure in our retail stores and corporate offices globally . this is an extraordinary opportunity to join a small , collaborative team , build expertise through the entire software lifecycle , and express your creativity ! \r\n description : the prokell agency is looking to bring a web/graphic designer onto our fast growing team ! this role will report to the director of digital marketing and will be responsible for the overall support and success of semi-custom wordpress websites . in addition , this person will work in collaboration with the digital marketing team to create relevant marketing content for our client 's digital advertising efforts as well as for their social media pages . roles & responsibilities : design and manage semi-custom wordpress websites for our clients . design and create digital ads and content for our client 's organic social media and digital advertising efforts . enjoys communicating and collaborating with clients , as needed . \r\n become a part of the nike , inc. team nike , inc. does more than outfit the world ' s best athletes . it is a place to explore potential , obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be . the company looks for people who can grow , think , dream and create . its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination . the brand seeks achievers , leaders and visionaries . at nike , inc. it ' s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game . who we are looking for we are looking for experienced data scientists who are excited to help nike members along their fitness and wellness journey . you excel at formulating a member need or product strategy into a tractable machine learning or statistical problem . you love diving into the data , modeling it , and engineering the production solution . you think probabilistically and causally . you love the science for itself . you stay up to date on the newest research and are excited to figure out how we can apply it to serve our members . we are looking for scientists who will continue to strengthen the collaborative , open , and inclusive culture that we have built . our work in activity is new , so we are looking for scientists who are excited about green space . who are excited to help build a new team and solve big new problems . who thrive in a dynamic space and want to drive important efforts independently . what will you work on sport activity senior data scientists will personalize nike ' s fitness and wellness experiences , building towards a cutting edge ai coach built atop scientific expertise , with hardware and camera integration . healthy , high energy , balanced , andmotivated . you will partner with our product team and product and platform engineers to deploy models , evolve the experience , and evaluate tests . you will build from the data an understanding of user response to drive strategic goals rather than easy to capture real time measures . you will synthesize findings to help guide product decisions , influencing product roadmaps and strategic direction . who will you work with you will be a senior data scientist reporting to the senior director of sport activity data science . you will work with other senior and principal sport activity data scientists . the team embeds with product and engineering teams that deliver nike ' s physical activity digital experiences including the nike running club ( nrc ) and nike training club ( ntc ) apps . you will also work closely with platform and data engineering teams . as a scientist in the consumer data science group , you will participate in our data science labs , study groups , and team activities . what you bring minimum qualifications computing , both for data and optimization preferred qualifications open to remote work , except can not work in south dakota , vermont , and west virginia . these candidates will be required to relocate . for employees based in colorado , this position starts at $ 140,000 per year . information about benefits can be found here . nike , inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it . nike offers a generous total rewards package , casual work environment , a diverse and inclusive culture , and an electric atmosphere for professional development . no matter the location , or the role , every nike employee shares one galvanizing mission : to bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete * in the world . nike , inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce . qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race , color , religion , sex , national origin , age , sexual orientation , gender identity , gender expression , veteran status , or disability . \r\n machine learning engineer if you are a machine learning engineer with experience , please read on ! location : 100 % remote pst ( we 're out of the bay area ) salary : $ 120,000 - $ 170,000 doe experience : 2+ years full time direct hire who are we ? we are a leader in the pricing and promotions world and are trusted by many global brands and retailers . our ai based platform uses market conditions to improve the roi for our clients . we are growing our development team and looking for another solid machine learning engineer to join us . what you will be doing nice to have ( not required ) : all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race , color , religion , sex , national origin , disability , protected veteran status , or any other characteristic protected by law .  -  in compliance with federal law , all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united states and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire . \r\n meta is seeking machine learning engineers to join our engineering team . the ideal candidate will have industry experience working on a range of classification and optimization problems like payment fraud , click-through rate prediction , click-fraud detection , search ranking , text/sentiment classification , collaborative filtering/recommendation , or spam detection . the position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting and massive social data and prediction problems that exist on the web . responsibilities : drive the team 's goals & technical direction to pursue opportunities that make your larger organization more efficient effectively communicate complex features & systems in detail facebook 's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together . through our family of apps and services , we 're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world , gives them ways to share what matters most to them , and helps bring people closer together . whether we 're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach , people at facebook are builders at heart . our global teams are constantly iterating , solving problems , and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways . together , we can help people build stronger communities - we 're just getting started . facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer . we do not discriminate based upon race , religion , color , national origin , sex ( including pregnancy , childbirth , or related medical conditions ) , sexual orientation , gender , gender identity , gender expression , transgender status , sexual stereotypes , age , status as a protected veteran , status as an individual with a disability , or other applicable legally protected characteristics . we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories , consistent with applicable federal , state and local law.facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process . if you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability , please let us know at accommodations-ext @ fb.com . \r\n clack corporation , a privately held company , established over 70 years ago is now hiring ! we are a leading manufacturer and distributor of water treatment components and drinking water products , as well as specialized in custom blow molding products . we are looking for a software engineer to join our team . clack corporation offers an extensive benefit package including competitive pay , health and dental insurance , company paid life insurance and short term disability , vacation , 401k , profit sharing , monthly bonus , flex spending and additional voluntary benefits . summary : design , analyze and develop new and existing products related to the water treatment industry . the main focus is on software ( i.e. , requirements/definition/analysis , software design/implementation , software verification/validation ) . also provides engineering support to research & development and production areas where applicable . \r\n .net developer brilliance business solutions is seeking a talented .net developer with a love for programming and supporting the needs of clients . this person will work on our team to develop and maintain clients ' ecommerce solutions . we ' re looking for someone who is enjoys variety , has a talent for problem-solving , and a passion for software development . brilliance creates ecommerce solutions for manufacturing and distribution companies using primarily microsoft technologies . we are a small , energetic , metrics-driven team located in the heart of downtown milwaukee near lots of great restaurants and entertainment . we operate with integrity , passion , and a commitment to make a difference for our clients . as a .net developer , you may be a good fit for our team if you ' re looking for : \r\n description the marketing specialist will play a critical role in enabling schc to reach and serve our current and potential patient base . the ideal candidate has a minimum of 2 years of digital marketing experience but is hungry to learn new skills and tackle new projects . this role requires collaboration with our admin team , internal departments , and our external marketing agency to execute approved strategies and provide support . the marketing specialist is the key internal liaison and is responsible for ensuring flawless execution of key deliverables as they pertain to the internal marketing plan . this position requires a strong foundation in marketing , branding and communication principles . there is significant growth potential in this position for the right candidate who is highly self-motivated and passionate about producing good marketing products . \r\n join our award-winning a-team ! ready to produce exceptional results with exceptional people ? get in touch , we would love to get to know you . affinitiv is the largest provider of end-to-end , data-driven marketing and software solutions exclusively focused on the automotive customer lifecycle . backed by 20+ years of automotive and marketing expertise , we pride ourselves on being the go-to experts in the industry . not only do we work with over 6,500 dealerships and every major manufacturer in the country , we 're well-versed in oem standards and the intricacies of a dealership or group 's local business . at affinitiv , data is central to our decision-making process and analysts are essential in promoting data-driven culture in all our operations . as a sql data analyst , you will be on the ground floor with your team , shaping the way product performance is measured , defining what questions should be asked , and scaling analytics methods and tools to support our growing business . you will provide the evidence needed to support high-quality , high-velocity decisions for our team . the data analyst will report to the lead data scientist and will be a member of the strategy and analytics team . \r\n dev ops engineer are you looking to make an impact at a fast-growing health-tech company that tops the lists on the inc. 5000 and the boston business journal ? you ' ve come to the right job description . summary as our lead devops engineer will help build and lead a dynamic team creating leading edge products for our clients . whoa awea aarea a a at intelycare , we ' re empowering healthcare heroes to transform the way they work . intelycare simplifies the scheduling and staffing process to match qualified nursing professionals - we call them intelypros - with shifts at our partnered facilities . we have a pool of over 15,000 intelypros in our network who get the pay , freedom , and flexibility they deserve - all from one smart and easy-to-use mobile app and platform . and our partnered facilitiesa get aaccessa atoa anursinga aresourcesa awhena atheya aneeda athem.a aalla aofa awhicha aleadsa atoa athea aultimatea agoala a-a abettera acarea afora apatients.a a a \r\n date : mar 11 , 2021 location : janesville , us , 53546 company : novares together , let ' s create the car systems of the future : with 12 000 employees in 23 countries , we are a global plastic solutions provider which designs and produces cutting edge parts and complex systems for virtually every oems in the world . our innovation strategy drives us to invent unique solutions that shift the way cars interact with passengers and are powered for greener mobility . do you want to join a diverse , dynamic and international group , powered by a strong team spirit ? join us ! \r\n the marketing assistant will assist the marketing manager in coordinating communication and marketing activities . assist in the production and implementation of various marketing materials . execute and track marketing campaigns . communicate with employees regarding promotions , pricing , products , as well as client retention and referral programs . produce social media content , videos and blog to establish brand awareness . assist in developing strategies and programs to educate customers about brand , services , and products offered by western heating & air conditioning and help to demonstrate the value of the company ' s services and products to customers . assist with the planning of company events . utilize project management systems for executing , documenting and tracking activities . maintain reports to track marketing processes , activities and expenses . \r\n sugiyo usa , inc. is currently looking for an innovative and high energy marketing coordinator to join our growing team . someone with fresh perspectives and innovative ideas to take a proven marketing strategy and transform our marketing tactics and digital media . this person should be eager to help us take advantage of the rapidly changing opportunities in the food industry . duties and responsibilities : must be able to support our sales team with online and social media marketing tools . basic understanding of the difference between b2b & b2c marketing . technical execution of digital marketing . \r\n askgene pharma , inc. ( " askgene " ) is a biotechnology company specializing in the development of superior biotherapeutics including monoclonal antibodies , bispecific molecules and fusion proteins for validated targets in immuno-oncology . we have a well-equipped r & d facility in southern california and a manufacturing pilot plant in nanjing , china that will help us accelerate our biologics to ind stage and beyond . we are seeking an outstanding and highly motivated scientist or senior scientist to join our dynamic and fast-paced research team . the ideal candidate will be technical competent bench scientist with relevant experience in human cellular biology , advanced flow cytometry and t cell immunology and extensive experience in cell-based immune assays is required . this role requires a result-driven attitude and eagerness for contribution to organization ' s goals . the successful candidate is expected to play key roles in supporting preclinical research programs and related translational science to evaluate cancer immune therapeutics , advance therapeutic candidates from early discovery to ind-enabling studies . \r\n automation engineer techlab , inc. develops , manufactures , and distributes medical diagnostic tests . this company places emphasis on science and collaboration with universities . we are looking to add a automation engineer to our team . an employee in this position can expect to perform the following duties : project and time management recommending , designing , simulating , programming , and operational testing of electrical or mechanical automation maintain , repair and troubleshooting of automation system controls , including but not limited to : motors , drives , plc , user interfaces and robotic systems \r\n 