we are seeking creative and talented individuals who love learning and are motivated to launch their technology career . no prior professional experience required . revature is the largest and fastest growing employer of emerging technology talent across the u.s. come join our community ! as a revature entry level software engineer you will receive on-the-job-training to become an experienced software engineer remote interviews are starting now ! benefits for entry level software engineers : launch a software engineering career with no prior experience \r\n growing engineering team looking for sr. full-stack javascript engineer we are a distributed engineering team that has a great deal of respect and interest in new technologies , and are looking for candidates who do too . we work on a variety of projects and we mainly use javascript technologies like node on the back-end , and frameworks on the front-end like react , vue , or angular . we ' re more interested in your deep understanding of web development and development concepts like code architecture , maintainability , and best practices , than we are if you know a particular framework or technology we are using . while we know how to have fun , our work culture is based around professionalism , respect for each other , and highly-productive habits that do not compromise a healthy and sustainable work/life balance . as such , we ' ve described our ideal candidates as `` studio-musician developers '' instead of `` rock-star developers . '' the ability to work and communicate well with a team is critical . if you can stay focused and get work done on a reasonable schedule , that is more important to our team than the ability to soldier through long hours . while every job requires bursts of workload from time to time , we view `` crunchtime '' as a process failure , not a badge of honor . \r\n title : java/python software engineer location : nyc , new york pay : $ 60.00-66.00/hr our financial client is hiring a java/python software engineer to join their business-aligned group of technologists responsible for their electronic trading platform . this team designs and builds software for pricing models and trade execution , working closely with their trading desk and with core technology teams . products traded include corporate bonds , credit derivatives and mortgage-backed securities . our client 's engineers have an aptitude for solving problems with technology and an ability to quickly translate business requirements into a sound technical design and implementation . what you 'll do : build and support all aspects of the etrading system , including : at infinity consulting solutions our mission is to cultivate successful long term relationships with candidates and clients matching the right candidate with the right client . we believe technology can not replace the real personal relationships we cultivate . we reject the notion that technology alone is the answer to staffing which is why we our successful partnerships rely on collaboration not automation . ics has been providing flexible staffing solutions for over 20 years in information technology , compliance , accounting / finance and corporate support . our staffing solutions include contract , temp to perm and permanent placement . ics is an equal opportunity employer . \r\n senior network engineer as a member of the advanced logic industries , inc. ( ali ) team , you will act in a consultative and hands on role to support our clients with their existing it requirements and make recommendations for future needs . you will be part of a team that builds strong relationships with engineering and sales team members , voicing product use cases and feedback based on customer and prospective opportunities . you will be part of a team that works together to ensure our client is receiving the highest standards of customer service . this position affords you the opportunity to predominately work remotely , with occasional light travel . pre-scheduled onsite travel in virginia may be required . what you will do  -  responsibilities assist in efforts of the design , testing and implementation of new systems architecture \r\n comcast brings together the best in media and technology . we drive innovation to create the worlds best entertainment and online experiences . as a fortune 50 leader , we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines . we are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace , thanks to our remarkable people , who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day . if you share in our passion for teamwork , our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology , we want you to fast-forward your career at comcast . job summary responsible for participating as an individual contributor in project teams , troubleshooting operational issues , providing technical solutions to operational problems , new product implementation , implementing existing products and services and the overall upkeep and maintenance of designated areas of engineering . interfaces with vendors , engineering and peer operations organizations . acts in compliance with industry and company technical requirements , standards , policies and procedures . provides technical leadership to junior engineers and project teams . has in-depth experience , knowledge and skills in own discipline . integrates knowledge of business and functional priorities . acts as a key contributor in a complex and crucial environment . may lead teams or projects and shares expertise . job description the technology , product , experience ( tpx ) organization works at the intersection of media and technology and our innovative teams are continually developing and delivering products and next-generation technologies that transform the customer experience . the next generation access network ( ngan ) organization is a highly agile , fast-paced , dedicated group at the forefront of change focused on innovating , building , and operating the best in class , most reliable access network for our customers . about the engineering operations role this role is part of the connect operations team that is responsible for building and operating the virtual cable modem termination systems ( vcmts ) platform . this position will work with the internal stakeholders in development , and operations teams for incident mitigation , and problem management . be a part of comcast ' s access network system operation with a concentration in handling incident mitigation for the virtual cable modem termination systems ( vcmts ) . partner with internal regional engineering teams to identify product reliability improvements and build automation tools . change implementation duties will include system upgrades , risk management , automation ( scripting in python , bash , etc. ) . handles installation , configuration , implementation , and validation of various software upgrades and hardware replacement the team works a traditional daytime shift , but will also participate in an on-call/ rotational shift . must be willing and able to work after regular business hours ( this can include weekends and holidays ) can adapt in a fast past environment when the direction isn ' t always clear . are a hardworking learner , user , and advocate of our groundbreaking technology . have a high level of accountability  -  taking ownership of problems and seeing them through to resolution . your natural inclination is to work collaboratively , to be transparent , and seek and give feedback continuously you have an aptitude for technology and enjoy complex problem solving thrive under pressure and in a fast-paced environment while being adaptable and responsive . maintain a high degree of self-motivation and independent decision-making . 5-7 years of experience in a similar role 3+ years of operations experience in a 24x7 environment hands-on experience and practical knowledge of unix/ linux environments and docker . a plus if you have kubernetes ( even if that is classroom experience ) ! ansible , chef , bash , python , or any other language network troubleshooting and configuration hardware and software troubleshooting including , experience building and replacing system hardware . excellent customer service skills with the ability to communicate clearly with all levels of employees , external vendors , and management teams . cloud infrastructure experience kubernetes , jenkins , ansible , and git experience experience defining , implementing , and monitoring it services exposure and familiarity with new product integration ccna level tcp/ip networking , understanding what a trace route does and helps with the logical processing , etc . any certifications in linux , network , or related technologies we are open to considering fully remote work for the right candidate . we are determined to create an environment where our employees feel valued , understand our business goals , and are motivated . here 's a look at just some of the perks and benefits we make available to our us-based employees : medical & dental 401 ( k ) savings plan generous paid time off life milestones - from adoption assistance , childcare resources , pet insurance , and more , comcast supports you at all life stages . courtesy services - we offer all of our full-time employees in serviceable areas free digital tv and internet . discount tickets for universal resorts , including theme park tickets and onsite hotel rooms . learn more at https : //jobs.comcast.com/life-at-comcast/benefits reasonable accommodation we will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process , perform essential job functions , and receive other benefits and privileges of employment . please contact us to request accommodation . comcast is an eoe/veterans/disabled/lgbt employer . this information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role . it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties , responsibilities , and qualifications . this position is ineligible for visa sponsorship . to be considered for this role , you must be legally authorized to work in the united states and not require sponsorship for employment now or in the future . education bachelor 's degree relevant work experience 5-7 years base pay is one part of the total rewards that comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work . most sales positions are eligible for a commission under the terms of an applicable plan , while most non-sales positions are eligible for a bonus . additionally , comcast provides best-in-class benefits . we believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most , and should help you care for those who matter most . that ' s why we provide an array of options , expert guidance and always-on tools , that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality  -  to help support you physically , financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life . please visit the compensation and benefits summary on our careers site for more details . \r\n new haven based managed service provider looking for candidate working in the msp space . candidates must have experience with lan/wan support , routing , switching , firewalls and wireless products as well as some knowledge with security . this position would be handling remote support and some on site support for customers located in the new haven and fairfield county area . communication and customer support a must . excellent starting salary , 401k , full benefits package , excellent opportunity . job type : full-time pay : $ 80,000.00 - $ 100,000.00 per year benefits : 401 ( k ) 401 ( k ) matching \r\n the field installation engineer has the responsibility for the technical support and guidance for the complete installation of alert innovation ' s storage and retrieval structure at customer sites . this position will perform the critical role of providing the technical expertise required to ensure that the combination of subcontractors and alert innovation employees complete installation of the alphabot structure in compliance with all critical parameters such that there is a defect-free hand-off to the alert commissioning team . the ideal candidate will possess a combination of both the electrical and mechanical knowledge necessary to support the installation , however , candidates will be considered who have expertise in one of the two disciplines combined with the ability to acquire the necessary expertise in the other . this position requires a self-motivated and enthusiastic individual who cares deeply about their own and their team ' s success and has strong technical , interpersonal , problem-solving skills . due to the fast-paced and dynamic nature of the work , the right candidate will possess the ability to adapt easily to change , maintain focus on the objective , operate with minimal supervision , and thrive under the pressure of challenging deadlines . this is an end user-facing position working under minimal supervision and requires travel throughout north america . \r\n company description at intuitive , we are united behind our mission : we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care . through ingenuity and intelligent technology , we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints . as a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery , we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team , committed to making a difference . for more than 25 years , we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare ' s hardest challenges and advance what is possible . intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds . we believe great ideas can come from anywhere - we strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect.we lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as theirmost authentic selves . travel requirements : none shift : day \r\n position in either hanford , ca actively recruiting  -  excellent opportunity for experienced candidates . position function and scope : at del monte foods , inc. , we are taking a people-first approach to building a workforce of extraordinary talent and are looking for a trusted addition to our hanford plant management team . the process engineer will plan , direct , and coordinate activities concerned with the electrical design , control , installation , modification , and maintenance of equipment and machinery in a tomato processing plant . the selected candidate will direct , coordinate , and exercise functional authority for planning , organization , control , integration , and completion of capital projects within area of assigned responsibility . \r\n are you a devops professional looking to make a difference ? join our team supporting the prestigious national institutes of health ( nih ) in bethesda , md . all work is currently being performed remotely until a safe return to campus is discovered . we are seeking all levels and flavors of devops engineers - from junior to technical leads . the national center for biotechnology information ( ncbi ) is part of the national library of medicine ( nlm ) at the national institutes of health ( nih ) . ncbi is the world ' s premier biomedical center hosting over six million daily users that seek research , clinical , genetic , and other information that directly impacts biomedical research and public health  -  at ncbi you can literally help to accelerate cures for diseases ! ncbi ' s wide range of applications , platforms ( node , python , django , c++ , you name it ) and environments ( big data [ petabytes ] , machine learning , multiple clouds ) serve more users than almost any other us government agency according to https : //analytics.usa.gov/ . \r\n we are currently searching for a devops engineer to provide support to the national institutes of health ( nih ) . this opportunity is a full-time position with msc , and it is on-site in rockville , md . act as a liaison between the infrastructure platform team and the application development team ( technical leads and software engineers ) to identify and design topologies for custom business and scientific applications in aws as part of our container paas or as an iaas solution . provide guidance for adhering to best practices for optimal and secure use of cloud technologies . assist development teams in migrating their products from on-prem infrastructure to aws , which often requires refactoring application architecture and breaking down monolithic applications into micro-service architecture or serverless workloads . train product teams in technologies and frameworks to assist them in setting up the environment , build and deploy applications , and automate operational needs . \r\n summary posted : oct 20 , 2021 weekly hours : 40 role number:200301608 are you meticulously organized and highly observant ? join our information systems and technology group and play a vital function on one of two apple teams : software and services and corporate functions . from apple id to the apple website to our data centers around the globe , our diverse collection of engineers , designers and creators manage the massive systems and services that so many people rely on every single day . we also build the custom tools that empower other apple employees to solve problems on their own . joining this group means you ' ll be part of the apple nerve center . you could play a meaningful role in helping apple connect with over a billion customer devices around the world . or you could help over 130,000 employees stay connected with each other and our suppliers . together , you and your team will help everyone at apple do what they do best : explore every possibility . \r\n about you : the senior devops engineer will work directly with one of our technology-based clients together with their infrastructure and software engineering teams to build scalable , secure and efficient cloud infrastructure in aws and train and guide the organization in devops practices . the right candidate views every day as an opportunity to develop new skills and is highly motivated by a need to continuously expand their knowledge to improve themselves and the organization . responsibilities : maintain and improve the architectures of our cloud services , as well as assist the engineering team to design and build new services with deployment , availability , and scalability in mind manage and maintain cloud infrastructure \r\n junior back end developer peleman 's success stands or falls with the right people . as a back end developer you are responsible for the development for the back-end of our websites . you will join a close-knit group that thrives on teamwork ! are you the colleague we are looking for ? a brand is defined by the customer 's experience . the experience is delivered by the employees what we expect from you : peleman 's values include respect , teamwork , loyalty , quality , innovation , and passion . these are values that you should radiate in your daily work . you will design , program , test and implement new back-end applications , for example apis ( application programming interfaces ) , web-shops , and complete websites \r\n 1. have experience in e-commerce website development , understand common languages and development tools for e-commerce website development ; 2. have the ability to independently develop e-commerce websites ; 3. familiar with the construction of e-commerce website membership systems . 4. familiar with the optimization of e-commerce website seo . 5. familiar with the payment system of the e-commerce website . 6. familiar with the logistics tracking system of the e-commerce website . 7. familiar with the social sharing function of e-commerce websites . 8. be confident in yourself and be able to challenge yourself ; 9. have team coordination and the ability to participate in team-building ; 10. be good at communicating and expressing ideas actively . benefit conditions : \r\n job description managego is an innovator in real estate management technology & property technology or ' proptech ' . our software provides a suite of cloud-based solutions that are essential to real estate management companies , their staff , and the residents of their communities/buildings . we strive to simplify the day-to-day of our clients with a modern , robust online & mobile app , delivering innovative features that help make our customers ' lives easier , while enhancing the resident experience . we ' re looking to add talented members to our expanding sales team & family ! we ' re looking for a front-end developer to join our growing dev team . you ' ll be part of a dynamic and innovative company where we value teamwork and collaboration . our office environment is always fun , friendly and comfortable , and maintaining a positive atmosphere is a major part of the way we operate . if you ' re excited to work together with us on creative solutions , we ' d love to hear from you ! \r\n comcast brings together the best in media and technology . we drive innovation to create the worlds best entertainment and online experiences . as a fortune 50 leader , we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines . we are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace , thanks to our remarkable people , who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day . if you share in our passion for teamwork , our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology , we want you to fast-forward your career at comcast . job summary the ai/ml platform ( amp ) team ' s goal is to make it easy to develop , deploy , and operate machine learning models at scale within the comcast ecosystem by standardizing and automating workflows and providing tools and self-service capabilities that foster autonomy . we are a part of the applied ai & discovery organization that develops novel machine learning based solutions in support of comcast ' s products and services such as the xfinity assistant , xfinity home , and smart resume . summary as a machine learning engineer on the amp team , you would join a small group of engineers focused on the development of core machine learning platform components . we partner closely with researchers focused on using machine learning to improve customer experience . you would develop and operate data pipelines , feature stores , and production models that are invoked millions of times per day . to better serve our community , we believe the diversity of our team should reflect the diversity of our customers . job description core responsibilities implements , refines and validates machine learning algorithms for products and applications . designs and develops data pipelines consisting of data ingest , data validation , data cleaning and data monitoring . designs and develops automation and self-service platform components that streamline the development and deployment of machine learning models . maintains and monitors cloud-based and on-premise platform infrastructure . takes action on existing specifications of designs and develops data pipelines consisting of data ingest , data validation , data cleaning and data monitoring . trains machine learning models , validates the accuracy of the machine learning models once trained and deploys validated machine learning models into production . researches , writes and edits documentation and technical requirements , including evaluation plans , confluence pages , white papers , presentations , test results , technical manuals , formal recommendations and reports . contributes to the company by creating patents , application programming interfaces ( apis ) and other intellectual property . tests and evaluates solutions presented to the company by various internal and external partners and vendors . completes case studies , testing and reporting . designs proof of concept solutions and contributes to studies to support future product or application development . collaborates with teams outside of immediate work group . represents the work team in providing solutions to technical issues associated with assigned projects . provides guidance and leadership to more junior engineers . consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance . regular , consistent and punctual attendance . must be able to work nights and weekends , variable schedule ( s ) and overtime as necessary . other duties and responsibilities as assigned . bachelor ' s or master ' s degree in computer science , computer engineering , electrical engineering , mathematics , related technical discipline , or related industry experience . strong programming and software development experience with python or java . familiarity with distributed systems , cloud - based computing ( aws ) , containerization , kubernetes , event-driven architectures , and machine learning operations . familiarity with data engineering concepts and experience developing and operating data pipelines . understand our operating principles ; make them the guidelines for how you do your job . own the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first , give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint , and make them promoters of our products and services . know your stuff - be enthusiastic learners , users and advocates of our game-changing technology , products and services , especially our digital tools and experiences . win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas . be an active part of the net promoter system - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles , making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers . drive results and growth . respect and promote inclusion & diversity . do what 's right for each other , our customers , investors and our communities . this information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role . it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties , responsibilities and qualifications . comcast is an eoe/veterans/disabled/lgbt employer . education bachelor 's degree relevant work experience 5-7 years base pay is one part of the total rewards that comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work . most sales positions are eligible for a commission under the terms of an applicable plan , while most non-sales positions are eligible for a bonus . additionally , comcast provides best-in-class benefits . we believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most , and should help you care for those who matter most . that ' s why we provide an array of options , expert guidance and always-on tools , that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality  -  to help support you physically , financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life . please visit the compensation and benefits summary on our careers site for more details . \r\n senior machine learning engineer / senior machine learning engineer specialist u.s. citizenship is required for this position due to department of defense restrictions . who we are wps health solutions is a leading not-for-profit health insurer in wisconsin . our services offer health insurance plans for individuals , families , seniors , and group plans for small to large businesses . we process claims and provide customer service support for beneficiaries of the medicare program and manage benefits for millions of active-duty and retired military personnel across the u.s. and abroad . in 2021 , wps health solutions celebrates 75 years of making health insurance easier for those we serve . proud to be military and veteran ready . our culture \r\n at edward jones , we help clients achieve their serious , long-term financial goals by understanding their needs and implementing tailored solutions . to ensure a personal client experience , we have located our 15,000+ branch offices where our more than 7 million clients live and work . in a typical branch office , a financial advisor meets with clients and receives branch office support , so they can focus on building deep relationships with clients . headquarters associates in st. louis , tempe and mississauga provide support and expertise to help u.s. and canada branch teams deliver an ideal client experience . we continue to grow to meet the needs of long-term individual investors . at edward jones we are developing a next-generation data architecture to support our growing business . as part of the data management area , you will be challenged daily to test , deploy , and manage machine learning systems and tools to support data science use cases . in addition , you will help build ml ops processes to support the development of ml pipelines and the production deployment of models . the processes you help design and deploy will use devops principles to enable rapid iteration . you will partner closely with stakeholders like data scientists , data engineers , quality assurance analysts and many others to produce high-quality ml products . salary : $ 105753 - $ 180067 category : headquarters \r\n reality labs brings together a world-class team of researchers , developers , and engineers to create the future of virtual and augmented reality , which together will become as universal and essential as smartphones and personal computers are today . and just as personal computers have done over the past 45 years , ar and vr will ultimately change everything about how we work , play , and connect . we are developing all the technologies needed to enable breakthrough ar glasses and vr headsets , including optics and displays , computer vision , audio , graphics , brain-computer interface , haptic interaction , eye/hand/face/body tracking , perception science , and true telepresence . some of those will advance much faster than others , but they all need to happen to enable ar and vr that are so compelling that they become an integral part of our lives.we are looking for a skilled and motivated visiting researcher to join our team , whose mission is to build broad-coverage models of human perception and perceptually-driven outcomes . we are specifically looking for a candidate with experience in fields applicable to human-in-the-loop experimentation in human perception or related domains , and who can work with a team of researchers at the intersection between psychophysics , computational cognitive science , and machine learning . more broadly , this researcher will work with a diverse and highly interdisciplinary team of researchers and engineers and will have access to cutting edge technology , resources , and testing facilities . facebook 's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together . through our family of apps and services , we 're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world , gives them ways to share what matters most to them , and helps bring people closer together . whether we 're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach , people at facebook are builders at heart . our global teams are constantly iterating , solving problems , and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways . together , we can help people build stronger communities - we 're just getting started . facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer . we do not discriminate based upon race , religion , color , national origin , sex ( including pregnancy , childbirth , or related medical conditions ) , sexual orientation , gender , gender identity , gender expression , transgender status , sexual stereotypes , age , status as a protected veteran , status as an individual with a disability , or other applicable legally protected characteristics . we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories , consistent with applicable federal , state and local law.facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process . if you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability , please let us know at accommodations-ext @ fb.com . \r\n we are seeking creative and talented individuals who love learning and are motivated to launch their technology career . no prior professional experience required . revature is the largest and fastest growing employer of emerging technology talent across the u.s. come join our community ! as a revature entry level software engineer you will receive on-the-job-training to become an experienced software engineer remote interviews are starting now ! benefits for entry level software engineers : launch a software engineering career with no prior experience \r\n bloomberg engineers develop impactful solutions to complex , real-world problems . the software we write is utilized every day by leading business and finance experts worldwide . we roll out new software daily , which encourages our teams to work together on how to best design , build and deploy these systems . our training program will teach you the ins and outs of our technology stack and how to be a successful software engineer in our high-energy and fast-paced environment . training consists of lectures , labs and group projects . you 'll become a pro on the bloomberg terminal and learn how we do database systems , network communication , real-time data processing , and build uis . after training , our engineers are prepared to hit the ground running with a strong network of new friends and colleagues . we 'll trust you to : take ownership of the full development cycle partner with clients and other developers to design , build and roll out solutions that will optimize complex workflows we are extremely proud of our diverse and open culture , and value diversity of thought and perspective in every form . if you have a degree outside of the above , but still have strong software development skills , then we can teach you the rest . we 're looking for engineers who have a passion for writing reusable , performant solutions to complex problems , who can keep an open mind and adapt to an ever-changing market landscape , who can collaborate and work effectively on small teams , and who want to develop software that impacts thousands of power users around the world . \r\n united states position description do you love commercial trucks and all things transportation ? does the thought of creating new product features for autonomous and electric battery vehicles excite you ? would you thrive in an environment working with some of the best engineers in the business to develop new , advanced and sustainable solutions for volvo & mack trucks ? are you ready to apply your classroom skill set in a real world application ? if so , volvo group trucks technology is seeking multiple entry level engineers to join our teams at our greensboro , nc and hagerstown , md locations ! you are a motivated and passionate engineer who is excited to work in the transportation industry with various systems involved in the research , design and manufacturing of class 8 heavy duty trucks . you thrive when working in cross-functional teams supporting engineering solutions . developing sustainable solutions for the future of the transportation industry excites you ! requirements : \r\n network operations lead engineer searching for a hard-working network operations lead engineer with a natural ability to take charge and lead . a high-profile client , in need of a well-versed and experienced network operations lead engineer who can take lead and ownership of projects to assist the client with their high-growth scaling . this candidate will be working side-by-side with senior corporate management on highly sensitive projects directly impacting all functionality of the client ' s network . this position will be the leader of the network operations team with oversight of two teams - the engineering and data centers . this director role is responsible for leading a team of managers that manages engineers who handles the provisioning of standard service requests , triage/response to network related incidents/problems , and implementation of complex changes in the data center networks . these environments consist primarily of juniper , cisco , arista , aruba , with scripting of python and go . what you ' ll do : \r\n summary : design , plan and implement projects for a cisco infrastructure of 5 large enterprises connected together * * cisco ccnp or higher certification required * * qualifications : expert understanding of : asa routers and firewalls palo alto firewalls route leaking ipsec tunneling \r\n job summary : responsible for the universal parks and resorts global upt wired and wireless network . uses knowledge of lan/wan systems to design , implement , and support internal and external networks . tests and evaluates network systems to eliminate problems and make improvements . identify capacity and performance issues to ensure uninterrupted service . provide network expertise for project build-out . assist in the operational , strategic planning , and business continuity / disaster recovery solution . work with other business units supporting special events . work on park network infrastructure . provide day-to-day support , proactive maintenance , and perform system troubleshooting . major responsibilities : leads and assists with special projects from start to completion . work with all project teams to understand requirements , formulate networking solution , implement , and support solution . responsible for successful network implementation supporting the respective projects deliverable . test and develop new technology in accordance to upr-it mission statement and business goals . assist in the operational , strategic planning , and business continuity / disaster recovery solution . \r\n 6 month contract opportunity compensation : $ 50.00 - $ 77.70/hr worksite : 901 main campus dr # 110 , raleigh , nc 27606 at intuitive , we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care . through ingenuity and intelligent technology , we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints . as a pioneer in robotic-assisted surgery ( ras ) , we have been expanding our innovations through technology to help make a difference in the world . for 25 years , human ingenuity has guided our journey to help solve some of healthcare ' s most complex challenges . join us in making big leaps forward for healthcare professionals and their patients . together , let ' s help to advance the world of minimally invasive care . \r\n company description at intuitive , we are united behind our mission : we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care . through ingenuity and intelligent technology , we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints . as a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery , we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team , committed to making a difference . for more than 25 years , we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare ' s hardest challenges and advance what is possible . intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds . we believe great ideas can come from anywhere - we strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect.we lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as theirmost authentic selves . due to the nature of our business and the role , please note that intuitive and/or your customer ( s ) may require that you show current proof of vaccination against certain diseases including covid-19 . details can vary by role . intuitive is an equal employment opportunity employer . we provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants and employees , and prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type , without regard to race , sex , pregnancy , sexual orientation , gender identity , national origin , color , age , religion , protected veteran or disability status , genetic information or any other status protected under federal , state , or local applicable laws . we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws . travel requirements:50 % of the time shift : day \r\n covid-19 continues to significantly impact our employees , families and communities . with employee health and safety as our top priority , and as a federal contractor , lockheed martin is taking action to address the increased risk and uncertainty covid variants pose in the workplace and ensuring we meet our commitments to national security . to uphold safety for all employees , we will continue to request vaccination status for all lockheed martin employees including new hires . all current and newly hired employees who are unvaccinated will be required to adhere to onsite safety protocols . description : this job is aligned with our 21st century warfare ( 21cwfaia ) initiative to help the u.s. and its allies leverage emerging technologies to deter threats to economic prosperity and national security . at lockheed martin , we are passionate about innovation and integrity . we believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and forward-thinking , everything is within our capacity  -  and yours as a lockheed martin employee . lockheed martin values your skills , training , education and background . lockheed martin is committed to supporting women in the workforce and fostering a more inclusive and equitable workplace for women . whether you ' re looking to start your next career chapter or are interested in joining a company where you ' ll be empowered to be your best , apply today for the opportunity to join this global security and aerospace company . do you want to be part of an environment that encourages and supports employees to think big , perform with quality and build incredible products ? we provide the resources , inspiration and focus - if you have the resourcefulness and courage to work hard , then we want to build a better tomorrow with you . come and experience your future ! define the future of aviation . stand at the forefront of technology and innovation . transform your ideas and dreams into reality . join lockheed martin ' s flight controls and autonomy team and be part of the greatest transformation in aviation history ; unmanned fully autonomous flight . the flight controls and autonomy team is currently seeking highly motivated technology pioneers with a desire to steer and lead the autonomy industry . successful candidates must be willing and able to work on highly complex challenging problems , leading to world-changing technological breakthroughs . team ' s technical areas of emphasis include fly-by-wire flight control systems , guidance/navigation & control ( gnc ) , flight test , autonomy , aviation robotics , perception , ai and motion planning . this is a technical position associated with the development of fly-by-wire flight control systems with an emphasis on flight control system architecture , autonomy , flight control software , guidance/navigation and control ( gnc ) and system test . in this role , the flight control and autonomy engineer will work in all areas of the system development cycle including detail design , integration and test . the engineer will also be responsible for working in the development of flight control system simulators/labs , aircraft schematics , flight testing and civil certification efforts . look no further , the future of aviation is here . join our awesome team today ! in addition to the responsibilities highlighted above we offer extensive benefits that include competitive 401k and insurance . we remain an equal opportunity company . ms or 2+ years of experience b.s . electrical engineering or b.s . computer engineering or b.s . aerospace engineering or b.s . robotics engineering control systems , signal processing or autonomy academic background . control , guidance , navigation or autonomy vehicle experience ( preferably in the aviation field ) via academic projects or professional experience . design and implementation of multy-layer state machines . experience in target-vehicle ( aircraft or other ) systems engineering in the areas of design , integration and test . model based design experience . experience in faa certification procedures such as 178b/c and/or do-254 . private pilot license or any other aviation/piloting training . familiarity with any the following software/system tools : matlab , simulink , doors , c/c++ , machine learning or python . job.qualifications join us at lockheed martin , where your mission is ours . our customers tackle the hardest missions . those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage , resilience and precision . they ' re dangerous . critical . sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives . those are the missions we care about . as a leading technology innovation company , lockheed martin ' s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers ' toughest challenges . lockheed martin has employees based in many states throughout the u.s. , and internationally , with business locations in many nations and territories . experienced professional \r\n devops engineer corporate headquarters 12575 uline drive , pleasant prairie , wi 53158 uncover your full potential in a collaborative environment where you 'll design , develop and deliver custom solutions to big challenges . and you 'll be doing it for a proven industry leader that runs one of the largest e-commerce sites in the u.s. visa sponsorship potentially available for this position . better together than apart . this position is on-site , and we are looking for good people who share our passion . \r\n this is a wide-ranging devops/platform engineer . we develop and support two kiosk applications for a major world wide brand . one app is in maintenance mode , the other one is under development . we also have modest cloud activity , generally on digital ocean . we also do periodic r & d projects that require devops support . the legacy system is windows based . as platform engineer you will maintain the necessary window drivers , the full runtime context , build pipelines of the application . you 'll get involved in field issues , analyzing log files with an occasional field visit which will involve travel . we have n't done much of this with covid but there are times when our eyes can identify and see the problem where the field service techs can not . the system under development is linux based , with iotedge , and docker/moby containers . this is on yocto ; although , we are n't responsible for the yocto image . in both cases we run pipelines in the cloud , currently mostly gitlab but the new project will have pipelines in azure . \r\n dealerops is a platform for auto dealers and dealer groups . we provide a reporting and managerial tool to all areas of the automotive dealership . our team has spent over 15 years building this platform , and we have so much more we want to accomplish . as we grow and learn , we have realized that we can ' t achieve anything without the right people . that ' s where you come in ! we are seeking a full-time devops engineer , preferably middle to senior level . this job role is key to development and operations . you would be tasked with overseeing and organizing everything from web facing system designs , to the code running on those systems . we are constantly developing solutions for our clients and need your help to get there . what makes you right for this role : A you are self-starting and detail oriented A you have a passion for problem-solving \r\n about company : hcl is a business enterprise with presence in the fields of technology and healthcare . founded in 1976 as one of india 's original it garage startups , the hcl enterprise generates annual revenues of us $ 10.5 billion and has 176,000 employees operating out of 50 countries . as a leading global technology company , hcl takes pride in its diversity , social responsibility , sustainability and education initiatives . about role : hcl seeks an azure devops engineer for a full-time employment opportunity in hartford , ct. this is a salaried position with benefits for hcl ; it requires candidates already local to the connecticut area or willing to relocate ( with paid relocation assistance ) . no sponsorship available . \r\n the world isn ' t standing still , and neither is allstate . we ' re moving quickly , looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers ' evolving needs . that ' s why now is an exciting time to join our team . you ' ll have opportunities to take risks , challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good . you ' ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards  -  a place where values such as integrity , inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount . we empower every employee to lead , drive change and give back where they work and live . our people are our greatest strength , and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities . everything we do at allstate is driven by a shared purpose : to protect people from life ' s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams . for more than 89 years we ' ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever ' s coming next  -  to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face . we acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts , air bags and graduated driving laws . we help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment . we ' ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication , telematics , digital photo claims and , more recently , device and identity protection . we are the good hands . we don ' t follow the trends . we set them . job summary this role is responsible for leading the use of data to make decisions . this includes : the development and recommendation of new machine learning predictive modeling algorithms , the coding/development of tools that use machine learning/predictive modeling to make business decisions , searching for and integrating new data ( both internal and external ) that improves our modeling and machine learning results ( and ultimately our decisions ) , and discovery of new business problems that can be solved through the use of machine learning/predictive modeling . the role is responsible for assisting in the recruitment , selection , mentorship and development of junior data scientists . this role will also begin to manage projects of medium to high complexity . key responsibilities uses best practices to develop complex statistical , machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs and to improve the accuracy of our data and data-driven decisions reviews , evaluates , communicates and makes recommendation on appropriateness of modeling techniques and results to team , leadership and stakeholders to ensure these are well understood and incorporated into business processes . develops and executes communication strategy , keeping stakeholders informed and influencing business partners and senior leaders on the effectiveness of machine learning/predictive modeling to solve business problems . collaborates with outside business units and works on data and complex business problems in order to improve the effectiveness of business decisions and business results through designing , building , and partnering to implement machine learning/predictive models . effectively understand the business ' problems and requirements to identify the optimal modeling approach . develops frameworks/prototypes that integrate data and machine learning/predictive modeling to make business decisions . identifies languages and tools that can bring efficiencies or needed techniques to the team . identifies new areas of data , research and models and develops data sources that can solve business problems . utilizes effective project planning techniques to break down complex machine learning/predictive modeling and/or development projects into tasks , manage scope of projects , and ensure deadlines are kept . manages various analytical and modeling projects with small number of team members . mentors and develops others this job does not have supervisory responsibilities preferred qualifications education and experience master ' s or phd and 5 or more years of related experience , preferred bachelor 's and 8 or more years of related experience functional skills proven experience in managing and manipulating large , complex datasets and ability to analyze and interpret moderate to complex concepts ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data , and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise experience working with agile team and demonstrated analytic agility with ability to quickly learn and switch topics ability to use and learn a wide variety of tools and languages to achieve results proven ability to code and develop prototypes in languages such as python , spark ability to lead a project team of various skills levels ability to manage a wide range of loosely defined moderate to complex situations , which require application of creativity and originality , where guidance and counsel may be unavailable ability to train , develop , and teach more junior modelers experience in using statistical modeling and/or machine learning techniques to build models that have driven company decision making knowledge of advanced machine learning techniques and libraries the compensation range for this position is $ 123,000 to $ 154,000 per year based on experience and qualifications . the candidate ( s ) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation , which includes a drug screen . good work . good life . good handsA . as a fortune 100 company and industry leader , we provide a competitive salary  -  but that ' s just the beginning . our total rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance , medical and dental insurance , as well as a robust pension and 401 ( k ) . plus , you ' ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy . for a full description of allstate ' s benefits , visit allstate.jobs/benefits/ learn more about life at allstate . connect with us on twitter , facebook , instagram and linkedin or watch a video . allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position . effective july 1 , 2014 , under indiana house enrolled act ( hea ) 1242 , it is against public policy of the state of indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the united states , a member of the indiana national guard or a member of a reserve component . for jobs in san francisco , please click " here " for information regarding the san francisco fair chance ordinance . for jobs in los angeles , please click " here " for information regarding the los angeles fair chance initiative for hiring ordinance . to view the " eeo is the law " poster click " here " . this poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the office of federal contract compliance programs to view the fmla poster , click " here " . this poster summarizing the major provisions of the family and medical leave act ( fmla ) and telling employees how to file a complaint . it is the company ' s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs . therefore , any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee ' s ancestry , age , color , disability , genetic information , gender , gender identity , gender expression , sexual and reproductive health decision , marital status , medical condition , military or veteran status , national origin , race ( include traits historically associated with race , including , but not limited to , hair texture and protective hairstyles ) , religion ( including religious dress ) , sex , or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee 's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited . this policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship , including , but not limited to , hiring , training , salary administration , promotion , job assignment , benefits , discipline , and separation of employment . \r\n requisition id : r10028270 category : research and sciences location : unknown city - md , united states of america citizenship required : united states citizenship clearance type : secret telecommute : yes- may consider full time teleworking for this position shift : 1st shift ( united states of america ) travel required : yes , 10 % of the time positions available : 1 at northrop grumman , our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people 's lives around the world today , and for generations to come . our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation 's history - from the first flight across the atlantic ocean , to stealth bombers , to landing on the moon . we look for people who have bold new ideas , courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future , and have fun along the way . our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity , cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work  -  and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible . our employees are not only part of history , they 're making history . \r\n if you have strong experience working as a frontend engineer , we have an excellent project working with a global organization . primary responsibilities integral development team member focused on frontend development in vuejs . develops jest unit tests for ui components . ui design : implement wireframes in html , css , & sass aa accessibility compliant ui secondary responsibilities assist in creating webdriverio e2e tests \r\n overview : are you passionate about creating good user experiences on the web ? so are we ! in the past few years , esri has put a large effort into making design tools accessible and powerful for experts , stakeholders , and the public . we are dedicated to continually pushing the boundaries of gis , and you can play a key role in our mission . at esri , we develop web applications based on our arcgis api for javascript . join our team of exceptional software engineers to design and implement our next generation of web gis applications , our javascript api , and our cloud solution arcgis online . responsibilities : develop the ux/ui of a new suite of web apps conceptualize , design , implement , and test innovative user interface components on top of our javascript api requirements : recommended qualifications : the company : \r\n united states position description the data engineer extracts , combines , transforms , loads , manipulates and cleanses data . effectively handles interfaces to large amounts of data and creates/integrates data structures suitable for analysis . understand data architecture and data management . develops and deploys algorithms in performance efficient code in analytical and data platforms . core responsibilities : works and experiments with state-of-the-art data storage and processing technologies . builds large-scale batch and real-time data pipelines with data processing frameworks in cloud platforms or on premise \r\n comcast brings together the best in media and technology . we drive innovation to create the worlds best entertainment and online experiences . as a fortune 50 leader , we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines . we are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace , thanks to our remarkable people , who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day . if you share in our passion for teamwork , our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology , we want you to fast-forward your career at comcast . job summary the ai/ml platform ( amp ) team ' s goal is to make it easy to develop , deploy , and operate machine learning models at scale within the comcast ecosystem by standardizing and automating workflows and providing tools and self-service capabilities that foster autonomy . we are a part of the applied ai & discovery organization that develops novel machine learning based solutions in support of comcast ' s products and services such as the xfinity assistant , xfinity home , and smart resume . summary as a machine learning engineer on the amp team , you would join a small group of engineers focused on the development of core machine learning platform components . we partner closely with researchers focused on using machine learning to improve customer experience . you would develop and operate data pipelines , feature stores , and production models that are invoked millions of times per day . to better serve our community , we believe the diversity of our team should reflect the diversity of our customers . job description core responsibilities implements , refines and validates machine learning algorithms for products and applications . designs and develops data pipelines consisting of data ingest , data validation , data cleaning and data monitoring . designs and develops automation and self-service platform components that streamline the development and deployment of machine learning models . maintains and monitors cloud-based and on-premise platform infrastructure . takes action on existing specifications of designs and develops data pipelines consisting of data ingest , data validation , data cleaning and data monitoring . trains machine learning models , validates the accuracy of the machine learning models once trained and deploys validated machine learning models into production . researches , writes and edits documentation and technical requirements , including evaluation plans , confluence pages , white papers , presentations , test results , technical manuals , formal recommendations and reports . contributes to the company by creating patents , application programming interfaces ( apis ) and other intellectual property . tests and evaluates solutions presented to the company by various internal and external partners and vendors . completes case studies , testing and reporting . designs proof of concept solutions and contributes to studies to support future product or application development . collaborates with teams outside of immediate work group . represents the work team in providing solutions to technical issues associated with assigned projects . provides guidance and leadership to more junior engineers . consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance . regular , consistent and punctual attendance . must be able to work nights and weekends , variable schedule ( s ) and overtime as necessary . other duties and responsibilities as assigned . bachelor ' s or master ' s degree in computer science , computer engineering , electrical engineering , mathematics , related technical discipline , or related industry experience . strong programming and software development experience with python or java . familiarity with distributed systems , cloud - based computing ( aws ) , containerization , kubernetes , event-driven architectures , and machine learning operations . familiarity with data engineering concepts and experience developing and operating data pipelines . understand our operating principles ; make them the guidelines for how you do your job . own the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first , give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint , and make them promoters of our products and services . know your stuff - be enthusiastic learners , users and advocates of our game-changing technology , products and services , especially our digital tools and experiences . win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas . be an active part of the net promoter system - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles , making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers . drive results and growth . respect and promote inclusion & diversity . do what 's right for each other , our customers , investors and our communities . this information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role . it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties , responsibilities and qualifications . comcast is an eoe/veterans/disabled/lgbt employer . education bachelor 's degree relevant work experience 5-7 years base pay is one part of the total rewards that comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work . most sales positions are eligible for a commission under the terms of an applicable plan , while most non-sales positions are eligible for a bonus . additionally , comcast provides best-in-class benefits . we believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most , and should help you care for those who matter most . that ' s why we provide an array of options , expert guidance and always-on tools , that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality  -  to help support you physically , financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life . please visit the compensation and benefits summary on our careers site for more details . \r\n the company : ever had your credit or debit card stolen ? it happens to millions of consumers every day . my client detects the data breaches that cause these problems faster than anyone else in the market . this allows banks , credit unions and merchants to act on the breaches quicker and smarter than ever before  -  which means consumers are alerted earlier . my client brings the power of machine learning and big data to help banks and credit unions reduce fraud by analyzing hundreds of millions of card transactions daily to proactively detect compromised merchants and identify an issuer ' s at-risk cards . who they are : they are an eclectic mixture of data scientists , former journalists , finance analysts and seasoned entrepreneurs who all share a passion for mission-driven work . \r\n research scientist pelican therapeutics pelican therapeutics , a subsidiary of heat biologics , inc. ( htbx ) , is focused on the development and commercialization of novel cancer immunotherapy products designed to harness the power of a patient ' s own immune system to eradicate cancer cells . we believe our immunotherapy is a market-redefining approach to the treatment of cancer . we are an innovative and growing company with an energetic and accomplished team . position information we are seeking a highly motivated individual at the research scientist level for a full-time position . the position will be based in san antonio , texas and will report directly to the director , \r\n department : analytics position summary newday usa is a leading nationwide lender focusing on providing financial solutions to american families . our analytics team is currently seeking a data analyst to join our team on a full-time basis . position duties and responsibilities analyzing business data summarizing different analysis results and presenting findings conducting business studies on demand \r\n overview : western national is seeking an experienced network engineer to join our growing team and help shape our network for the future . we are the relationship companyA , and we strive to provide best-in-class service to all our agency partners and policyholders while promoting a culture of work/life balance to our employees . we are interested in extending that best-in-class service to our internal stakeholders . this is a great opportunity for the right person to join our evolving network & communications team and help with a complete network redesign and rebuild . this role will be a primary resource for all our lan , wan and firewall equipment & configurations . if you are interested in joining a growing company , are passionate about customer service , and have experience configuring networks according to current best practices , we invite you to apply today ! responsibilities : qualifications : \r\n business group highlights perspecta labs perspecta labs generates transformative applied research to fuel solutions for our customers ' unique challenges . we are a self-sustaining research center within perspecta that provides applied research and engineering to enable government agencies , utilities and commercial enterprises to fully exploit the future of communications , analytics and cyber security . responsibilities perspecta has an exciting opportunity for a machine learning software engineer to aid on the development of machine learning models and the software that is needed for the training and deployment of these machine learning model . in addition , the qualified candidate will engineer both structure and unstructured data that will be fed to and taken from the machine learning models . because the qualified candidate will be working closely with the data scientist , the candidate must have general understanding of machine learning . this position is located onsite at picatinny arsenal , nj . \r\n machine learning engineer job title : machine learning engineer ( remote | $ 225k + $ 200k bonus ) job location : remote job salary : up to $ 425k total compensation requirements : python , time series data , machine learning , biomechanical data , biomechanical sensors , experimental design , time-series analysis , dimensionality reduction , bayesian network , gaussian process regression , optimal experiment design status : hiring during covid-19 top reasons to work with us leader in health-tech space . benefits ( pto ) all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race , color , religion , sex , national origin , disability , protected veteran status , or any other characteristic protected by law .  -  in compliance with federal law , all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united states and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire . \r\n at apptness we are digital marketing experts : solving online ad-serving challenges with technology and data-science . we build engaging media brands that profitably connect consumers to personalized ads to match each consumer ' s needs . founded in 2015 , apptness was recently named to the inc. 5000 fastest growing companies in the country , an accomplishment we owe to our energetic , collaborative and innovative culture . we are hiring a senior ui engineer , ad platform to be a key member of our engineering team . in this role you will architect and engineer the user interface for the apptness core ad-serving platform , to be used by our internal teams . your experience in building digital marketing systems will enable you to own the design and implementation of new features , services and controls that connect the commercial needs of the business to our sophisticated backend capabilities . you will flex your system design muscles , simplify complex problems and implement efficient , scalable code . as an experienced member of the engineering team , you will help mentor teammates , evolve our technical standard and amplify our culture of system design . \r\n at emc , you 'll put your skills to good use as an important member of our team . you can count on gaining valuable experience while contributing to the company 's success . emc strives to hire and retain the best people by engaging , developing and rewarding employees . essential functions : programs within multiple complex , inter-related systems , using techniques and languages such as c # , asp.net , html , css , javascript , jquery , xml , rest , java , vb , groovy , python , powershell , react and objective c designs and develops architecture for business applications and core services independently leads the effort for designing interfaces to complex enterprise and third-party applications \r\n developer , ux front-end 287146 job summary : seeking a result driven , detail-oriented front-end developer to join our growing team . in this role , you will take the designs created by application developers and use html , css , and javascript to deliver a modern , visually appealing design consistent with corporate brand and marketing strategy . you will work closely with various members of the business to play a key role in the successful launch of web and mobile applications . \r\n sr systems admin-des monies , ia with over 25 years of ignition interlock leadership , intoxalock has expertise in helping drivers regain their license after a drunk driving charge and preventing any attempts at impaired driving . we have over 2,600 installation locations across the country , offer 24/7 customer service through our website , and are available in all 50 states . intoxalock is a workplace you can be proud of . last year our products stopped 212,000 start-up attempts by drivers who were legally intoxicated . we were also named a top workplace for the second time in 2018. those results are hard to beat ! we hire people who we expect will produce exceptional results , deliver amazing service to our clients including customers , attorneys , state associations and more , and inspire positive change within the company . \r\n intro ( use font arial 12 ) : as a devops engineer , you will collaborate with our clients to help design , implement , maintain , and test a variety of technical solutions by utilizing a variety of the latest technologies . you will also be responsible for creating and enhancing continuous integration ( ci ) /continuous delivery ( cd ) pipelines and various kinds of automation processes ( build management , automated deployments , automated testing , configuration management , etc ) . what you 'll be doing : treat infrastructure as a product and provide ideas on how to continually improve automation services and resiliency of the platform gather technical requirements and execute on deliverables scale infrastructure and/or applications in an automated way location and travel details : profile of success : desirable skills : about ais : eeo statement : \r\n automation engineer techlab , inc. develops , manufactures , and distributes medical diagnostic tests . this company places emphasis on science and collaboration with universities . we are looking to add a automation engineer to our team . an employee in this position can expect to perform the following duties : project and time management recommending , designing , simulating , programming , and operational testing of electrical or mechanical automation maintain , repair and troubleshooting of automation system controls , including but not limited to : motors , drives , plc , user interfaces and robotic systems \r\n 