Role: Staff Software Engineer - Machine Learning InfrastructureOther comparable titles: ML Platform Architect, Lead Platform Engineer- MLLocations: Coppell- TX, Waukesha, WI, Boston- MAAbout Blue Yonder
Do you wake up every morning wanting to make a difference in the world? If you can manufacture something that will literally change and enhance the lives of people throughout the world does it motivate you? Here at Modus Advanced we make custom components that go into innovative products that are impacting everyone from our Navy Seals and Troops to patients needing life saving medical devices and treatments. Everyday, we remain passionate and committed because what we do matters!Please watch the video below if you would like to learn more (you may need to paste the link into your browser):https://share.vidyard.com/watch/it7DZuHLFEmyU1Y9gTptEP?An ideal candidate for this position would have an Engineering background and is eager to make a significant contribution!
Intro (Use Font Arial 12):As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be a part of the team responsible for making it easy to deploy, manage, and monitor machine learning models at scale in production. You will join a team that developes the infrastructure to facilitate model orchestration. Collaborate with both data scientists and platform engineers to create intuitive and resilient solutions. You will also be expected to follow the best practices of Agile software development, including high coding quality with testing coverage, and continuous integration and deployment of your solutions.What You'll Be Doing:Design and build scalable machine learning infrastructure for model management, continuous training and deployment, and serving predictions.Support the operation services and set up monitoring, to keep our services at the highest level of service agreement.Location and Travel Details:Profile of Success:About AIS:EEO Statement:
nan
About Us:Ezoic is an Artificial Intelligence company that works with thousands of online publishers, helping them use machine learning to make smart decisions about the layouts, advertisements and features that users see. These publishers range from individuals to small and medium-sized companies. We have our headquarters in Carlsbad, CA, with a team of very smart free-thinking individuals. Ezoic is a VC-backed startup that is growing quickly. It's a unique opportunity to both be part of a revolutionary product in its earlier stages and work on something that already touches hundreds of millions of people month.About You:You must be a tech-savvy professional who enjoys learning about new technologies and solving problems. This is a fast-moving engineering role where you will be able to work on core products and develop designs and functionality from scratch. You must enjoy collaborating with other smart engineers, creating scalable solutions to improve publishers' digital properties.
Job DescriptionENSCO, Inc., is seeking a Software Engineer who has worked at or with the Air Force Research Laboratory in Rome, New York. Candidate will be working with the customer and the technical lead to tackle challenging problems within the RF/Cyber domain. Responsibilities includes, but not limited to conducting rapid Research & Development (R&D), design, prototyping, demonstration, scenario development, experimentation and evaluation, integration, testing, analyzing results/data, technical installation, and transition of software/hardware products.Qualifications Required (Skills)Bachelor's degree or equivalent min 3 yrs relevant experience
Position OverviewOur Senior IT Systems & Network Engineers hold a wealth of knowledge regarding complex LAN and WAN network infrastructure. They are able to provide the highest level of network system maintenance and support, and are expected to have leading-class knowledge of hardware, software, networking, and security. A Senior Systems & Network Engineer should have years of experience working in the field, and should have a strong background in customer service and team leadership. Individuals must possess excellent technical and troubleshooting skills, and must also have outstanding personal skills as working closely with customers is imperative.Note: This position is generally not remote. We may consider select remote candidates who are located within Iowa. Candidates outside of Iowa will be required to relocate to the Iowa Great Lakes region.
NIDEC-SHIMPO AMERICA is a leading global manufacturer of high precision gearing technologies for motion control applications. Established in 1952, NIDEC-SHIMPO is based out of Kyoto, Japan with manufacturing facilities throughout the Asia-Pacific, Europe and North America . With traditional roots that began imbedded in the development of mechanical variable speed drives, NIDEC-SHIMPO has grown and evolved into a manufacturer of several gearing technologies that cover a wide range of applications. Our products help drive the most productive equipment in the world.NIDEC-SHIMPO AMERICA has been supporting the North American market for over 40 years out of our facility in Glendale Heights, Illinois. We are continuously expanding our resources and capabilities to facilitate our long-term growth plans for North America.We are seeking a highly motivated, self-driven Application Engineer that has the ability to perform in a dynamic environment. The primary responsibility of the person in this position will be to assist and support existing and potential customers in the selection, application and commissioning of the proper precision gearing products that deliver the optimum solution for the customer‰Ûªs machine and process applications. To further leverage their product knowledge, this individual will organize, create and provide the information, tools and training necessary for the effective sales and support of NIDEC-SHIMPO products in the market. In addition to directly supporting our customers and sales team, the applications engineer will provide valuable feedback to the company management and R&D organization to enhance existing products and develop appropriate new products for the target customer markets.
Job Description:At Fidelity‰Ûªs Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence (COE), you won‰Ûªt be just tinkering around the edges, you‰Ûªll be building critical solutions that will benefit our clients for years to come. We work closely with business stakeholders, collect requirements and deliver high value AI/ML solutions that drive customer and business value. Those of us who love to work with data see this as the pinnacle of opportunities that you cannot find anywhere else in the industry.The AI COE is seeking a Principal Data Scientist with experience in Virtual Assistants or chatbots, Natural Language Processing/text analytics, machine learning, various deep learning related technologies, predictive and prescriptive analytics.
Machine Learning EngineerJob Title: Machine Learning Engineer (Remote | $225k + $200k Bonus)Job Location: RemoteJob Salary: Up to $425k total compensationRequirements: Python, Time series data, Machine Learning, Biomechanical Data, Biomechanical Sensors, Experimental Design, Time-Series Analysis, Dimensionality Reduction, bayesian network, Gaussian Process Regression, Optimal Experiment DesignStatus: Hiring during COVID-19Top Reasons to Work with UsLeader in Health-Tech space.Benefits (PTO)All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.‰ÛÒ In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Leidos is looking for scientific programmers with an aerospace or mechanical engineering background to support our growing work in the Eglin office. In this capacity you will propose, design and develop new Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) tools to support the design and analysis of high speed weapons systems. Leidos presently uses deep learning Artificial Neural Networks (ANN)s for the purpose of providing fast running models, and thus you would maintain existing ANN‰Ûªs in addition to developing new ANN based fast running models.In this position you will work directly with accomplished aerospace, mechanical, and electrical engineers both internal to Leidos and with external customers. You will need to effectively propose new research ideas to the customer, execute on the research, and present verbal and written status reports. The ability to publish research papers in academic journals and present conference papers is a requirement.EligibleNoSecretYes, 10% of the time40DayProfessionalSoftware Engineering
Panduit is always looking for talented, motivated people who have the skills needed to provide solutions to our customers. We value team players who in their jobs can help us build a better Panduit and continually deliver value to our global customers.The Opportunity:The Senior Mold Process Engineer provides overall technical leadership and process management for the Orland Park molding operation. Discipline that applies engineering, polymer process and materials science principles to specify, analyze, implement & improve injection molding processes. The position is Monday-Friday with typical day hours that are flexible.Why work for Panduit?Day (United States of America)
Job Posting End Date: April 20Unum is a company of people serving people. As one of the world's leading employee benefits providers and a Fortune 500 company, Unum's financial protection benefits help protect more than 36 million working people and their families from the financial impact of illness or injury. Unum's three distinct, but similarly focused US businesses ‰ÛÒ Unum US, Colonial Life, and Starmount Life ‰ÛÒ are each a market leader in making disability, life, accident, critical illness, dental, and vision insurance accessible in the workplace.Headquartered in Chattanooga, Tennessee, Unum also has significant US operations in Portland, Maine, - and over 35 field offices nationwide. Colonial Life is headquartered in Columbia, South Carolina with over 40 field offices nationwide. Starmount Life is based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and is the dental and vision center of excellence for Unum in the US.General SummaryThis position for a developing data scientist who is excited to transform data into actionable insights and impact the business through his/her work. The role requires increasing technical expertise in the fields of computer programming, applied statistics and data manipulation; and relies on developing business knowledge. The individual will participate in project work primarily within the functional area, with direction and review by manager. The individual is expected to continuously increase business knowledge and take initiative in identifying and executing analytical approaches to support assigned projects.Position will interface with actuaries on pricing, reserving, and risk.Unum
Electrical Controls EngineerWe are a small automation company in Jonesboro, AR seeking a full-time Electrical Controls Engineer. This position will work under the direct supervision of the Operations Manager. The applicant will be responsible for concept, design, quality, and customer support of new and existing products.Job Description:Machine control panel design with attention to detailRequired to design and produce electrical drawing packages, including Diagrams, Schematics, P & ID, Conduit and Wire Schedules, Mechanical Layouts, and BOMsPerform Electrical load calculations including short circuit, FLA, MOCP, Arc Flash, and others
Bondhus Corporation, a worldwide leader in the hand tool industry (Hex & TORXå¨ products), has been manufacturing tools for more than 50 years in our Monticello, MN headquarters. We pride ourselves on innovative tool design & proprietary manufacturing processes to produce professional hand tool products backed by an unconditional lifetime warranty. Bondhus is experiencing incredible growth allowing us to add more outstanding employees to our already exceptional staff! Our average employee has over 15 years of service at Bondhus with secure sustained employment; we‰Ûªve never had an employee lay off in our history. Employees work in an environment based on continuous improvement, open communication & accountability, with cross-training & advancement opportunities. We are looking for the right individuals interested in joining our team as we continue to engineer & create the highest quality products in our industry.Our northwest suburban location offers an easy commute, small company feel, flexible work hours, 10 paid holidays, vacation pay, profit sharing & many other great benefits. This is more than a great job...it‰Ûªs a great place to work. Visit us at www.Bondhus.com to learn more.
Job descriptionENGINEER 2 ‰ÛÒ ROOMS/BUILDING MAINTENANCE -Flexible ScheduleDelivering Hospitality, Creating Value, Every Customer, Every TimeCompany InfoDavidson Hospitality is one of the largest and most successful independent hotel management companies in the industry. The combined experience of our team represents a breadth and depth of expertise that is unmatched, and we believe our people are the cornerstone of our success. We are committed to making Davidson a great place to work and provide the foundation for building successful careers. If you share our passion for delivering hospitality where details matter, apply today to join our team!
Building Science, Research Engineer III‰ÛÒ Sustainable ConstructionHome Innovation Research Labs is looking for an inspired building scientist/building construction engineer to join our research team responsible for programmatic efforts in the fields of energy efficiency, energy modeling, technology innovation, and green building in residential construction.Requirements:Minimum 5 years of relevant experience.MS Mechanical, Civil/Structural, or Electrical Engineering (BS with commensurate experience).Have demonstrated ability to support, lead, and manage both government and industry complex research projects to completion on time and within budget.
Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges‰ÛÓand we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day‰ÛÓworking for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE‰ÛÓand make a difference with us.Polygraph
Sr. Data Scientist -INF0001YEDescriptionAnalytics Sr. Consultant ‰ÛÒ Sr. Data Scientist ‰ÛÒ R&DDescriptionHeadquartered in the heart of downtown Chicago, CNA is a leading commercial and specialty insurer, offering a diverse range of insurance products including Workers Compensation, Property, General Liability, Professional Liability, Cyber Insurance, Surety, and Warranty. We are one of the world leaders in underwriting non-medical professionals, from lawyers and accountants to architects and management consultants.What CNA offers
MISSION / SUMMARY:To expand GPI‰Ûªs Enterprise Machine Intelligence system across Americas Converting. Working with a team and establishing machine tag management, screens, displays, and alarms using Inductive Automation‰Ûªs Ignition platform to enable remote monitoring. Responsible to conduct Site Surveys to map out requirements and gaps to connect to operation networks. Work with Infrastructure to scale out process control architecture to tie PLC‰Ûªs, HMI‰Ûªs, and various control systems.JOB FUNCTION: Job functions include, but are not limited to the following.
Job Title: Integration EngineerJob Code: INTENG001SUMMARY: The Engineer position is responsible for the process development and the integration of products into Lincoln Industries production systems. The position is responsible to manage projects and teams to achieve rapid transition to production. This includes project planning, 3D modeling, engineering analysis, managing prototypes, sampling, process and tooling development, work instruction creation, operations support, technical management of suppliers, and conducting initial factory runs. The individual will also be responsible for completing technical documentation for production release including Production Part Approval Process (PPAP) submittals to customers. This position works closely with our Business Development, Operations, Materials Management, Quality, and Supply Management groups, and involves customer interaction.
Do you love technology? Do you want to be part of a company that is changing the way field service companies, large and small, are using cloud technology to deliver better, faster, cheaper service to their customers? Do you feel yourself driven to utilize the latest and greatest tools to automate and optimize your work? Then this position may be for you! We are looking for a Junior Cloud Operations Engineer to join our Technology Operations team in support of our cloud-hosted web-based software solutions. You‰Ûªll play a key role on our Technology Operations team -- specifically, you'll share / lead in the following responsibilities:WHAT YOU'LL DO:Responsible for production incident response and disaster recovery procedures; working in tandem with application support engineers to ensure reliable service availability and uptime
Who We AreWillowTree is an award-winning digital product agency driven by innovation and grounded in strategy and user-centered design. We create long-term partnerships with the world's leading brands to design and build digital flagship products crucial to their core business. We are one of the largest independent digital firms in the US. Some of our clients include HBO, National Geographic, Anheuser-Busch, and PepsiCo.The OpportunityAs a Senior Software Engineer at WillowTree, you'll have the opportunity to impact teammates throughout various stages of their careers. You'll have clear oversight of how engineering runs day-to-day and will influence project outcomes.
You're an experienced engineer with broad experience with the entire app development process. You have the intuition and creativity to anticipate the user's needs and impulses to deliver a delightful user experience.You've previously developed applications from beginning to end in Android/iOS platforms. You're used to working independently without a lot of direction and have a good understanding of everything that needs to be considered when building apps from scratch.You are passionate about detail and are interested in delving into projects involving machine learning and AI, telematics, and vision systems.This positions focus:You will use customer input and sales information to design, develop, test, and implement complex software programs and applications for our seed research equipment.
At Ezoic, we're building a better internet experience with our all-in-one digital publishing platform. We are looking for motivated, fast-learning developers who are excited to build products that scale to millions of visitors every day.At its core, our product uses artificial intelligence to learn how users interact with digital content and proactively delivers the optimal front end for every visitor to our customers' sites. We've built tools to automatically generate progressive web apps, in-depth reporting dashboards to give publishers novel insights into their users, data pipelines to process hundreds of millions of events, and tools to vastly increase throughput and effectiveness of our machine learning decisions, just to name a few. We're continuously growing, and we're looking for frontend and backend developers who love building and solving problems across the entire tech stack.
Position Summary:The Lead Data Engineer is part of a Global Data and Analytics Center of Excellence, which provides design, development, consulting, and support services to European, North American, South American, Middle East and Asia-Pacific markets.The Center of Excellence is formed of experts in Business Intelligence and Data Warehouse software platforms, Data Architecture, Data Engineering, Data Visualization and Data Science.The Lead Data Engineer will work closely alongside the Data and Analytics Center of Excellence team to both drive and support Martin Brower‰Ûªs strategic initiatives through the advocation and delivery of analytics solutions and best practices across the organization. In addition, this role will oversee maintenance and support of established global analytics solutions to ensure reliability, consistency and relevancy of those solutions across the supply chain.
UX/UI EngineerPosition requires US citizenship and the candidate must have the ability to obtain a DoD Top Secret SCI Security Clearance.We currently have an immediate position for a talented and passionate UI / UX Engineer to design and build stunning and creative front-end user experiences with an emphasis on big data visualization and analytics. You will be responsible for all aspects of user experience, design, and development from initial concept to production. The successful candidate will be a self-starter that demonstrates excellent communication and problem-solving skills with a strong drive for creative innovation.REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:
Ezoic, a VC backed Google Certified Publishing Partner is an easy-to-use, yet incredibly sophisticated machine learning platform that allows digital publishers to automatically test content, layouts and ads to enhance user experience and increase digital revenue. Our platform reaches more than 300 million unique individuals each month and is growing quickly.We're looking for a highly-motivated, self-starting DevOps Engineer that is excited to learn new cloud technologies and languages. You will help manage our infrastructure within AWS to keep the thousands of sites we power running smoothly. You'll also be involved in our CI/CD pipeline to keep our software engineers moving quickly, and use infrastructure as code to keep our systems up to date.This is a full-time employee position, no C2C please.
Peter Pan Seafood Company, LLC., a newly formed Company in the Alaskan Seafood industry is looking for individuals interested in getting in on the ground floor of an employee friendly organization. We will work with our team members to be the safest, highest quality, lowest cost producer and the employer of choice in the Alaska Seafood industryThe right candidate will be skilled at maintenance and repair of working on vessels and or heavy machinery, vessels mechanical, electrical and hydraulic systems, experienced in work with a team to complete projects; have experience with maintenance tasks requiring general knowledge of welding, electrical, machine milling, and plumbing.Primary Responsibilities:Observe safe work practices and wear or use required PPE at all times while working.
Why We Work at Dun & BradstreetWe are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we‰Ûªre so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet‰Ûªs Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we‰Ûªre wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you‰Ûªre looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us!As a in the analytics group focusing on Dun and Bradstreet Government Business Unit, you will be required to have the following background education and experience and the ability to fulfill the following essential responsibilities. We also list preferred qualifications that are not required but would be beneficial.#LI-CB1#LI-REMOTEDun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law.We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to TalentAcquisitionTeam@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.Please note that all Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://dnb.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers and all communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com.
Altran is the world leader in engineering and R&D services. We offer our clients a unique value proposition to meet their transformation and innovation challenges. We support our clients, from concept through industrialization, to develop the products and services of tomorrow and have been working for more than 35 years with major players in many sectors: automotive, aeronautics, space, defense & naval, rail, infrastructure & transportation, industrial & consumer products, life sciences, communications, semiconductor & electronics, software & internet, finance & public sector. Altran has more than 50,000 employees operating in over 30 countries. In April 2020, we became part of Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. Visit us at www.altran.comResponsibilitiesIn this role you will develop flight control algorithms, implement software, and test closed-loop performance for the Prime Air drone. The ideal candidate will have fundamental knowledge of simulation, dynamics, aerodynamics, design and analysis with practical real-life implementation experience.
Our client is a well-known Entertainment company that is seeking a Lead Machine Learning Engineer for their The Direct-to-Consumer Group.They are building a global streaming video platform (OTT) which covers search, recommendation, personalization, catalogue, video transcoding, global subscriptions and really much more. We build user experiences ranging from classic lean-back viewing to interactive learning applications. We build for connected TVs, web, mobile phones, tablets and consoles for a large footprint of all their owned networks.We are hiring Senior Software Engineers to join the Personalization, Recommendation and Search team. As part of a rapidly growing team, you will own complex systems that will provide a personalized and unique experience for millions of users across over 200 countries for all of their brands. You will be responsible for designing and implementing state-of-the-art Client algorithms and systems to personalize the entire experience for our users. You will apply advanced Client techniques to build Recommender and Search systems.You will lead by example and define the best practices, will set high standards for the entire team and for the rest of the organization. You have a successful track record for ambitious projects across cross-functional teams. You are passionate and results-oriented. You strive for technical excellence and are very hands-on. Your co-workers love working with you. You have built respect in your career through concrete accomplishments.What the ideal candidate looks like:
Machine Learning Engineer - Radar (Top Secret Clearance rqd)If you are a Machine Learning Engineer with active Top Secret Clearance, please read on!Top Reasons to Work with UsWe have a small company culture and offer extremely competitive compensation packages, including generous retirement package, company-paid PPO health insurance, generous vacation policy, and a company-wide bonus plan.We have exciting contracts and projects with US government agencies, working on the bleeding edge of Deep Learning and Machine Learning technology.You will work closely with a small team of leading Engineers and Scientists in this space, solving complex challenges and delivering solutions that ensure out country's security!- 401k - including 15% company contribution towards retirement, whether or not you contribute to the plan yourself!All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.‰ÛÒ In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
NextGen Federal Systems is seeking multiple Software Engineers to support software development for a federal customer, addressing current and emerging needs for Geospatial Intelligence (GEOINT) applications. Selected candidates will be part of a development team operating in a dynamic, agile, fast-paced environment and provide support across the software engineering lifecycle, including design, development, integration, and testing.Location: St. Louis, MO (Relocation assistance available for qualified candidates)Responsibilities:Utilize domain knowledge and hands-on experience to develop and implement software programs.
Develop and Support Technical Content for Products on the Web and Printed materials. Create Solutions to be applied to System Applications. Modify and refine designs, using working models on CAD, to conform to customer specifications, production limitations, or changes in design trends.Produce and maintain Process Flowcharts for product applications, and procedures. Evaluate feasibility of design ideas, based on Product Attributes. Costs/methods, and market characteristics.Create Interconnect Solutions for the Automatic Test Equipment "ATE" market to be applied by using an Interconnect Builder Application software online. Apply the best Solutions based on market requirements and Testing Methods.Job Type: Full-time
At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That‰Ûªs why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you‰Ûªll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession.Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a ‰ÛÏGreat Place to Work‰Û by Great Place to Workå¨ US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the ‰ÛÏ100 Best Places to Work in IT‰Û on IDG‰Ûªs Insider Pro and Computerworld‰Ûªs 2020 list. For many years running, we have been named by Forbes as one of America‰Ûªs Best Employers for Women and one of America‰Ûªs Best Employers for New Graduates‰ÛÓas well as one of America‰Ûªs Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusionQualifications
Job Description:Starting from $95,000Torch offers the traditional benefits, such as medical and dental insurance, but other unique benefits as well. Torch provides its employees with a comprehensive set of health care and retirement benefits; one we consider superior to those offered by other companies in the industry. In fact, Torch was recognized by the Principal Financial Group as one of the ‰ÛÏThe Principal 10 Best Companies for Employee Financial Security‰Û in a national competition of small businesses based on an assessment of company benefit and retirement plans.
Looking for a opportunity in a growing company that appreciates both it's employees and clients?AIT Business Technologies, LLC, a locally-owned, non-franchise, and reputable IT consulting firm is seeking a new member to join our team of IT professionals. We are a firm that values relationships with our clients and employees alike. Duties include remote and on-site support, troubleshooting, engineering, and installation of equipment and software for businesses in and around the Appleton, WI area.The ideal candidate is professional, outgoing, and knowledgeable in the following core technologies:Microsoft Windows Server 2008/2012/2016/2019
Job DescriptionWE MAKE COMPUTERS THAT CAN SEECognex is the global leader in the exciting and growing field of machine vision. With over $600 million of cash in the bank and no debt, we are a financially strong international company with a culture that maintains a fast paced, creative environment. Our employees, proudly called ‰ÛÏCognoids,‰Û take their work but not themselves seriously. Our Work Hard, Play Hard, Move Fast culture recognizes our employees for their innovation, perseverance, and hard work in a fun, rewarding, and quirky environment.The Team
nan
Software Engineers and Architects ‰ÛÒ Java, .Net, MobileOverviewAt a lot of organizations, it is hard to stand out in a sea of developers. Everyone is working on the same projects; creating and testing as fast and efficiently as humanly possible. Don‰Ûªt get lost in the crowd. Team Daugherty offers developers the opportunity to work on something different. From one project to the next, engineers at Daugherty are constantly creating, testing and implementing solutions for our clients, and no two client projects are the same. With every project comes the unique opportunity to showcase your skills.We are looking for Software Engineers (developers and architects) of all levels with a broad range of languages who can adapt to new client environments and learn new technologies quickly.Responsibilities
ABC Supply, the nation‰Ûªs largest distributor of select exterior and interior building products, is currently seeking a Data Science Software Engineer to deliver analytics solutions for the enterprise. ABC has built a world class platform in Azure using Data Lake, Databricks and Snowflake. You will be working on the leading edge of data engineering. As a member of the Enterprise Analytics team at ABC you will be delivering high impact solutions driven by our executive leadership. ABC Supply has been the recipient of the Gallup Great Workplace Award for 14 consecutive years and is proud to be an employee-first company.The Engineer will report to the Enterprise Analytics Engineering Manager, partners with BI and Software Engineers, Analysts, Data Scientists, business stakeholders and Enterprise Analytics leadership. This role is a generalist role in our organization with a wide range of opportunities. Depending on the advanced analytical solution you will be working on, work can range from CI/CD pipeline work, data engineering, automating the disparate processes to create the end solution and/or producing an api endpoint to leverage the solution. At times we will have the potential for light application or front-end development as well. We work in general as an Agile/Scrum team and this individual will potentially contribute and participate in stakeholder meetings.
Our doors are open ‰ÛÒ to you. As one of the top three companies for access and security solutions worldwide we make life easier, smarter and more secure. We are a trusted partner that stands for innovation, top performance and a fulfilling workplace. Join our team of 16,000 colleagues around the world and help us build trust every day.Systems EngineerLexington, US, 40508Mar 27, 2021POSITION OVERVIEW:dormakaba is seeking a Systems Engineer to join the Lexington, KY engineering team. This position will be responsible for leading activities for system design and assisting in the development of access control systems and commercial locksets in the New Product Development Engineering group.
SOFTWARE ENGINEERJOB DESCRIPTIONSecureGive is a faith-based organization that serves churches and nonprofits. With a vision to see every ministry fully funded, we build and provide technology that empowers people to give. As a software developer joining our team, you will be a key contributor to building enterprise-level giving and donation management solutions. You will get the chance to work as part of a faith-focused and talented Agile team to create and maintain a broad suite of software applications, including Web, Mobile, Kiosk, and SMS.What you will be doing:Developing services and components that are performant and robust using the latest technologies.
Echelon Services, LLC is hiring an Integrated Undersea Surveillance System (IUSS) Logistics Support Facility (LSF) Software Engineer / WILD Database Manager.We are looking for a Software Engineer / WILD Database Manager to manage the development and maintenance of the Web-enabled IUSS Logistics Database for both Fleet and LSF functionality.Provide configuration management and maintenance over Software applications utilizing the WILD database.Basic QualificationsMinimum of seven (7) years software engineering experience to include at least one (1) year of experience in each of the following:
Software Engineering ManagerGreenville, SC OfficeLima One Capital, LLC is searching for an Engineering Manager with 5 years‰Ûª experience in software development. The Engineering Manager will be responsible for the design and oversight of all enterprise-wide technology solutions and the development and management of technical staff. Our ideal candidate has a thorough understanding of enterprise business applications, solutions architecture, and frameworks. As a leader of technical staff at Lima One Capital, the ideal candidate should also act as an advocate for the professional development of staff. This role will work closely with product managers to develop solutions for a wide range of industry-leading lending products. This position will report directly to the Director of Technology.ResponsibilitiesTechnical leadership and advising on solutions across the organization
Essential Functions:Designs, develops, integrates, and tests hardware and embedded software for industrial testing systems.Coordinates with systems engineers to ensure clear understanding of system specifications and requirements. Independently evaluates, selects, and applies standard engineering techniques to a range of engineering projects. Carries out assignments, making minor adaptations and modifications to existing concepts to complete a product design and functions. Works with other engineers to complete complex projects. Occasional travel may be required, but is not routine.Develop analog and digital circuits, and related software/firmware, for implementing automated test equipment primarily used in the aerospace industry. Coordinate with sales and marketing to ensure clear understanding of customer‰Ûªs specifications and requirements. Generate all work product including requirements and design documents. Works under the supervision of the Director of Engineering.
WorkWave is looking for a software engineer to work on our core SaaS web-based application. We‰Ûªre looking for smart, hard-working people who see problems as challenges and strive to meet them. People with a high degree of ownership who can bring solutions to the table and consider the entire application when working on one small part. Successful candidates will play a key role supporting the technical design, development, and troubleshooting of a market-leading product for the field service industry.WHAT YOU‰ÛªLL DO:Troubleshoots a wide variety of complex problems and identifies solutions within broad application and functional expertise.Apply scientific methodology to break down complex problems to their root causes.
This position will be engineering support for Consumers Energy‰Ûªs High Voltage Distribution (HVD) electric lines in the areas of standards and materials. Responsibilities also include overseeing compliance within the development of standards and emerging technologies to all applicable regulatory rules and codes (including those from the MPSC, ANSI, ASCE, NESC, IEEE, etc.) while finding standard solutions to complex electric system problems and innovative solutions (emerging technologies, new standards and materials, etc.) to further the advancement of the Company's HVD lines electric system. The position requires cross functional cooperation with construction and design organizations regarding project support and application of standards, as well as communication of these department documents to impacted groups in a concise manner that allows precise application of the standards and technology while working to protect the public.
Feeling underappreciated? Underutilized? Are you ready to develop, document, debug, support, analyze, maintain source code, and adhere to existing Double Line standards and best practices? We're a growing company focused on expanding our Development team with a proactive and driven Software Engineer. Sound interesting?If so, we're looking for a motivated and driven person like you who:Is strong in ASP.Net C# MVC and WebAPIWants to dive in headfirst in complex and custom codebasesThrives in an agile environment with Lean software development principlesPossesses a deadline-driven mentalityEnjoys collaborating with internal and external stakeholders
5659BRWork Location:Independence, MO PRIIS - 287Job Purpose:Progress Rail Services Corporation, a Caterpillar Company and a leading provider of services to the Railroad industry in the US, Canada, Mexico, and Brazil, seeks a Software Engineer at our facility in Independence, MO.The successful candidate is responsible for embedded software application solutions for remote Data Acquisition and Train Inspection products. Works closely with product management, engineering, and customers in requirements gathering and software design and development. Organizational skills and the ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment are a must.5659BR
Transportation manufacturer seeking talented software engineer to help with designing of products.åá Strong embedded software expåá Linux expåá Embedded controls expåá C, C+ expBachelors Degree in Electrical Engineer or related degree. Looking for 5 to 15 years' experience US Citizen or Permanent residentJob Type: Full-time
Challenging convention. Trying new things. Reshaping an industry.The team at Duck Creek helps insurance companies bring amazing ideas to life quickly and easily with software that thinks and works like they do. We're fueled by sharing ideas openly, challenging conventions, trying new things, and valuing "Why not?" over "Why?" Our certainty that there is always a better way to do things keeps carriers ahead of their competition and is helping to reshape an industry.If having a hand in transforming one of the world‰Ûªs oldest and largest industries into a standard for innovation, open exchange, and peerless user experience sounds exciting, let us know. We may be looking for you.Technical Solution Engineer
What you will be doingThe Software Engineer III will apply standard programming procedures and has detailed knowledge of pertinent domain subject matter. The person in this role will work on increasingly complex projects or project components where work is usually oriented toward combing the business and technical aspects of the project.Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, the followingWorking to approved statements of requirements and detailed specificationsDeveloping, modifying and maintaining assigned programsSupporting, updating and revising existing applications, programs, interfaces and vendor softwareWhy we are differentWhat you need to be successfulWhat your work environment will look likeEqual Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
nan
Job Description (MUST BE A US CITIZEN AND LOCATED IN NORTHERN COLORADO)We are looking for energetic candidates with natural curiosity, fresh ideas, and honed programming skills to meet the demand of our Worldwide Cliental; A confident, hard-working employee who is committed to achieving excellence.You must be able to work on several projects and jump from project to project. We are not a web design company, however, we have many projects going at any time for our internal systems and always will. We only have a few programmers so you must be comfortable wearing multiple hats and working independently as well as working with others.We prefer candidates who can come into the office and test our programs on hundreds of devices. If you are someone who requires a team (although there is one), this job is not for you. Typically we give each programmer a few projects or tasks to work on. Some work may be performed remotely, however, now that Colorado is moving away from Covid mandates, a majority will need to be in the office.
Summary:Senior Web Developer creates, enhances, and maintains eCommerce solutions. Their job includes working with the Director of Application and Process Engineering to meet overall organizational needs. Senior Web Developer may be asked to conduct research, gather information, interpret data, and recommend solutions related to Arrowhead‰Ûªs eCommerce websites.This position includes working with other developers (internal and external), the Project Management Office, Business Process Owners, Business Subject Matter Experts, and Customers in the full software life-cycle development, including reviewing business requirements, writing technical specifications, application development, defect resolution, deployment, and support within the enterprise standards.
West Shore Home is growing at an explosive rate. To do so, we must operate at an above average pace. We take extreme ownership of our work and are goal oriented as we move the company towards our mission of being the most admired home improvement brand in the U.S. The Web Designer will work with the Digital Marketing and Creative teams in the never-ending pursuit of providing the perfect on-page experience. Mixing collaboration with landing page optimization best practices and your own experience, you will be constantly experimenting to improve conversion rates and site speed. Your feedback and recommendations on new creative, promotions, etc., will be critical to the continuous evolution of the overall marketing plan.Key Role Accountabilities:Design and implement engaging B2C lead generation landing pages
Digital Content Coordinator/DesignerDigital Content Coordinator/DesignerThe House FM has an opening for a social media coordinator at the non-profit organization in Oklahoma.The radio ministry is looking for a creative artist/writer with proven social media savvy and experience with design and editing software. If you are an organized self-starter who has the ability to wear many hats in a fast-paced nonprofit environment, we want to see your resume and portfolio.Responsibilities:Create graphics for branding/advertising, show promotion, concerts, websites, apps, etc.
Clack Corporation, a privately held company, established over 70 years ago is now hiring! We are a leading manufacturer and distributor of water treatment components and drinking water products, as well as specialized in custom blow molding products.We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our team.Clack Corporation offers an extensive benefit package including competitive pay, health and dental insurance, company paid life insurance and short term disability, vacation, 401k, profit sharing, monthly bonus, flex spending and additional voluntary benefits.Summary: Design, analyze and develop new and existing products related to the water treatment industry. The main focus is on software (i.e., requirements/definition/analysis, software design/implementation, software verification/validation). Also provides engineering support to Research & Development and production areas where applicable.
Position: Software Developer IILocation: Huntsville, ALClearance: Active Secret ClearancePosition Summary:Seeking a .NET developer responsible for building fully functional applications focusing on front-end and back-end support. A commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and quality product is essential.
WANTED: AMERICAN SYSTEMS is actively searching for a qualified Software Engineer with an active Secret ClearanceAs a Software Engineer you will:Be responsible for the software engineering activities supporting highly training systems and sensor simulations that deliver cutting edge simulation environments for autonomous systemsInteract with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise to overcome issues and meet deliveryBe responsible for integrating highly complex Systems and sensor simulations that deliver cutting edge operational environments for autonomous systems.
nan
AIS has an opening for a Software Engineer in a growing team developing software tools for SIGINT processing. A full range of opportunities are available, including the development of user interfaces, back-end server components, and web site applications.Roles and Responsibilities:Work effectively in iterative engineering cycles with a geographically distributed teamInvestigate and report on candidate technologies for use in software solutionsCollaborate with domain experts to capture new requirements and investigate challenge problemsParticipate in technical exchanges with other programs as well as implement and support collaborative solutions
Job Overview:Responsibilities and Duties:Develop software solutions to meet customer needs.Create and write source code for new applications.
Join a highly engaged and supportive team of developers who will not only challenge you to grow, but actively leverage your expertise on how to blow our clients expectations out of the water. Whether it be creating an engaging interactive experience, well optimized landing page, thoughtfully refactoring code, improving accessibility or developing a custom web application you will have a direct impact on what we create and its ultimate success. The variety of projects and challenges our clients bring will provide you with opportunities to try new things and round out your skillset. We embrace the fast paced changes in the frontend space and innovate on our past experiences to continually evolve as a team. Crescendo earns the trust of our clients and team by blending our midwestern values, high intensity work ethics and digital innovation.*Working with us, you will ... *- Take PSDs from design team to develop from- Create and maintain npm, node, gulp and webpack builds- Write JavaScript in both ES5 & ES6 standards following project design patterns- Work in SASS, Less or CSS following design patterns ( typically BEM )- Use both Git & Mercurial VCS and related branching model workflows- Create new templates in Magnolia or another content management system- Learn from and teach others on the team- Have direct client communication- Start projects from scratch and help us maintain existing projects- Build accessible high performance websites- Work with popular frameworks like foundation, bootstrap, React, Angular- Work on projects using minimal or no frameworks at allYou Bring:- 3+ years direct frontend experience- Ability to communicate clearly and concisely with clients, our sales team, designers and developers- Ability to work on multiple projects- A desire to lead people and technology choices- A sense of urgencyYou Get:- Competitive salary- Full benefits- SIMPLE IRA matching (3%)- Generous PTO- Paid holidays- Autonomy and satisfaction working for the most innovative digital agency in the Midwest
Software Developer - ConversionsSouthington, CT, USA Req #366Monday, March 8, 2021Who we are...COCC delivers complete enterprise processing solutions to financial institutions throughout the northeastern United States. Listed among American Banker's FinTech 100 and the Inc. 5,000 fastest growing companies in the nation, COCC inspires the industry with innovation and top quality support. Designated as a Top Workplace in Connecticut, COCC recognizes employees as the core of our success! COCC offers a progressive training program to support employees in personal and professional development.
SUMMARYThe BACnet Developer works toward developing the interface for Key2Act‰Ûªs building automation platform. You will develop protocol support for a wide number of transports and automation protocols. You will help develop semantic mappings and evolve our semantic ontology to work across a wide number of wired and wireless automation communication protocols.Key2Act‰Ûªs BACnet developer will build software using languages and technologies of the BACnet framework. You will create applications from scratch, configure existing systems and provide user support. In this role, you should be able to write functional code with a sharp eye for spotting defects. You should be a team player and excellent communicator. Key2Act hopes for someone who is passionate about the BACnet framework and software design/architecture.
Job #: 205692Job DescriptionIf you are an experienced FTE Engineer looking for a position with a leading company, Bartech can help! We are a leading staffing firm and our clients include some over the nation‰Ûªs biggest companies. Our client has a need for a FTE Engineer. This is a contract position; however it is not uncommon for assignments to transition into permanent positions with our client companies. If you have the background we are looking for, and you are interested in an opportunity to get your foot in the door with leading company, we want to talk with you!Applicant must be eligible to work in the US for immediate opening. For this opportunity, the successful candidate will be directly employed by Bartech Staffing as a W2 employee while providing services to our end client.
Clayman & Associates, a client-diverse, comprehensive Marketing Agency in Marietta, Ohio, has an immediate opening for a Web Developer to join our team! The Web Developer position fulfills all aspects of the marketing functions through advanced contemporary web and technical skills. This individual is responsible for design, development, coding and modifying websites, from layout to function, according to client specifications under the direction of a Creative Director. The Web Developer must create and maintain visually appealing, responsive, brand-appropriate websites that are user-friendly, intuitive and easily navigated.A knowledge of software programs; web applications; programming languages, such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP as well as proficiency with WordPress configuration, page builders and theming is required. Must possess the ability to analyze site analytics with the proficiency to apply the findings to an action plan for improved client presence. Working knowledge of the Adobe Creative Suite, a plus. Solid background in social media management across all platforms also a plus.
Job SummaryWe are a well-established, locally owned, supply company looking to expand our web development and marketing team. We are in the progress of transitioning from Magento 1.x to Magento 2.x, utilizing a multi-store setup. This requires multiple custom integrations between Magento 2 and our ERP System along with other third-party applications. To assist with this, we are seeking a dedicated, trustworthy individual, who is proficient at developing both back-end and front-end code.This is a full-time, Monday to Friday 8am-5pm, in-house position.Responsibilities and DutiesKey responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
SUMMARY: As a Full Stack Developer, you will be a key member of the team helping to drive full (and correct) adoption of modern software engineering & delivery practices ('Real' Agile, TDD, ATDD, Stateless Design, Microservices, Containerization, CICD, Cloud, etc.). Knowledge and experience in implementing solutions in the cloud (AWS) is required. This can range from custom code on IaaS/PaaS to SaaS solution integrations. You will also be responsible for interfacing and influencing with the business lines as well as others across IT.ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.Design and develop components applications that deliver value to our customers.
Job DescriptionRenkim Corporation, an Information Services Company, founded in 1982 and located in Southgate Michigan, is seeking a full time Full Stack Developer.Position Background:Working in a fast-paced team environment, successful candidates should be goal oriented and organized. Candidates should have an enthusiastic attitude, a strong work ethic and solid listening, oral and written communication skills.QualificationsWe need developers who share our passion for building cutting-edge web applications. You should be active in the development community and are passionate about all things front end.
The Software Developer II is part of a team dedicated to advancing machine technology. This position is principally responsible to design, build, implement and support software applications for the electro-optics manufacturing industry and work on activities involved in applications, problem solving, and software validation. The Software Developer II will create and maintain UI controls, machine software, programming software (CAD/CAM) and modeling software under general supervision of more experienced personnel. Typical projects are a combination of new development, maintenance, and revision of existing applications.Core ResponsibilitiesUtilizes principles, theories, concepts, and techniques required for the development of applications using C#, WPF with MVVM and C++/CLI.
Work with our team of designers, developers and producers to make applications come to life for the amazing brands we work with. You are excited about modern web technologies. You proactively engage with your team including both technical and non-technical members. Your work is well organized and easily digestible. You want to part of a growing team that values intensity, quality and delivery the best service to our customers.Your MissionAs a member of the development team you will collaborate with our customers and internal team to craft solutions that fit. You'll be responsible for understanding the need and providing options based on timeline and budgetary constraints. Your team will vary, sometimes including Crescendo developers, customer developers or all of the above. Sometimes we'll go on site, and when we do we try to have fun! When confronted with the unknown you remain calm and use your experience and your team to get to the finish line.
Job Title: Software Engineer (IIoT, Senior level)Department: Product DevelopmentReports to: Senior Engineering ManagerJob Summary:Owl Cyber Defense is a leader and trusted partner in cyber security. We deliver solutions that protect and connect the world‰Ûªs most critical networks. Owl‰Ûªs product lines of cross domain, data diode, and portable media solutions provide the strongest available security checkpoints for threat prevention and secure data availability. Our in-depth expertise in security engineering at the operating system level enables us to help government and commercial customers meet ever-evolving cyber security threats.In these newly created positions, Software Engineerings will develop and maintain Owl software and solutions, working in a unique networked cybersecurity company. Common tasks will include analyzing and correcting issues, updating existing and building new functionality to meet customer and business requirements. The Software Engineers will also work with members of other functional teams throughout the Software Development and Product life cycle of the various cutting-edge cybersecurity products developed by Owl.
DSM ‰ÛÒ Bright Science. Brighter Living.‰ã¢Royal DSM is a global, purpose-led, science-based company active in Nutrition, Health and Sustainable Living. DSM‰Ûªs purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM addresses with its products and solutions some of the world‰Ûªs biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic, environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders ‰ÛÒ customers, employees, shareholders, and society at large. DSM delivers innovative solutions for human nutrition, animal nutrition, personal care and aroma, medical devices, green products and applications, and new mobility and connectivity. DSM and its associated companies deliver annual net sales of about ‰âÂ10 billion with approximately 23,000 employees. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.More information can be found at www.dsm.com _.____In this role you will develop new application concepts for new and existing products of DSM Protective Materials (DPM) in the area of flexible composites and textile applications. Market segments can be outdoor equipment, apparel, inflatables, footwear & leather and textile protective applications against multiple threats. You provide innovative solutions to meet market needs, thereby supporting the growth of DPM‰Ûªs business. You give direction to DPM‰Ûªs product development activities by translating customer needs into product requirements through thorough understanding of the customers application and its requirements. You establish application tests, internally in DPM‰Ûªs technical centers or externally, to test our products for suitability in the application. In parallel you identify and build on key success factors that enable a successful launch of the product in the market, such as certifications, standards/norm setting and application engineering guidelines.___
Use your development skills to create cutting-edge web applications! PMI is seeking a web application developer to join our team, building state-of-the-art web-based applications to interface with industry leading scientific measurement equipment.Candidate must have demonstrable experience with developing single-page web applications. Hands-on experience with PHP and JavaScript is required. Familiarity with most or all of the following would be beneficial: MySQL, CSS/LESS, NPM, React, Webpack and version control such as SVN or Git.This position requires residence in the local area; remote work is not available at this time.Power Monitors, Inc. is the leading manufacturer of power quality analyzers and wireless power quality test equipment for residential, commercial, retail, institutional, industrial, and substation applications. We provide a wide range of services including 24/7 Tech Support, industry-leading power quality training, and a robust line of compact, wireless power quality test equipment and software. With a commitment to fantastic customer service, we have been helping electrical utilities and their customers detect, measure, and remediate power quality issues worldwide since 1986.Medical InsuranceHealth Savings AccountDental InsuranceSupplemental InsuranceEmployer paid Life InsurancePaid Leave401(k) Retirement plan with Company matchEducation ReimbursementPower Monitors, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer
At EMC, you'll put your skills to good use as an important member of our team. You can count on gaining valuable experience while contributing to the company's success. EMC strives to hire and retain the best people by engaging, developing and rewarding employees.Essential Functions:Programs within multiple complex, inter-related systems, using techniques and languages such as C#, ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, XML, REST, Java, VB, Groovy, Python, Powershell, REACT and Objective CDesigns and develops architecture for business applications and core services independentlyLeads the effort for designing interfaces to complex enterprise and third-party applications
Senior Software Engineer (Big Data), Massive Graph ProcessingLiveRamp is the leading data connectivity platform for the safe and effective use of data. Our platform powers people-based customer experiences that improve the relevance of marketing and allow consumers to connect with the brands and products they love. We thrive on solving fascinating technical problems and enabling our customers' success‰ÛÓand we're always looking for smart, kind, compassionate people to help us blaze a trail.Mission: LiveRamp makes it safe and easy for businesses to use data effectively.
Be a part of our growing team at Xcentric Mold & EngineeringXcentric Mold & Engineering, headquartered in Clinton Township MI, is a custom quick-turn manufacturer focused on plastic injection molding, CNC machining and 3-D printing in the rapid manufacturing industry. We differentiate through our advanced technologies, proprietary manufacturing processes, rapid turnaround times, and competence of our technical engineering team. We produce molds in less than 15 days, parts in less than 5 days, and quotes within hours. Thriving on complexity without compromising a part‰Ûªs design, we serve over 50+ industries and are a competitive alternative to offshore manufacturing. Xcentric manufactures from two high-tech facilities in Michigan and is ISO 9001:2015/ITAR/UL.Located in Clinton Township and Shelby, MI our clean and modern facilities use some of the best and latest technologies on the market, leveraging proprietary processes to maximize process efficiency. We are looking for an experienced software developer of PHP/RDBMS applications to maintain and improve current processes as well as expand our systems‰Ûª capabilities through development of both internal and customer facing tools and expanding into additional architectures to facilitate growth.
Software DeveloperThe candidate should have a minimum of a 2-year degree or equivalent technical school education in software development. A 4-year degree is preferred. The candidate should demonstrate a proficiency in T-SQL and VB.NET or C#.NET. VB.NET knowledge is preferred. Knowledge of HTML5, JavaScript, ASP.NET, Infor SyteLine, Manhattan SCALE, EDI, SSMS, SSRS, VMware, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft Access is a plus. The candidate should have excellent communication, collaboration, and problem-solving skills. A successful candidate will be responsible for working with users to develop applications and ad-hoc reports for improving processes. Must be willing to perform a wide variety of tasks as needed such as troubleshooting the ERP system, warehouse management system, and other software.The Beistle Company is an E.O.E.
Plastipak Packaging is a global industry leader in the design, manufacturing, and recycling of plastic rigid containers. Our list of customers include some of the worlds most recognized and respected brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kraft Foods and Pepsi, just to name a few. Our commitment to our employees is demonstrated in numerous awards for innovation, environmental sustainability, and corporate citizenship.Plastipak follows industry leading protocols to address COVID-19, including regular disinfection, electrostatic cleaning and temperature sensing kiosks at most locations. We strictly adhere to all CDC guidelines to provide a safe working environment for our associates and visitors; including face coverings, social distancing, and hand sanitizer stations.Named one of America's Best Employers in Michigan by Forbes in 2020, Plastipak offers many great benefits, including:
Plastipak Packaging is a global industry leader in the design, manufacturing, and recycling of plastic rigid containers. Our list of customers include some of the worlds most recognized and respected brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kraft Foods and Pepsi, just to name a few. Our commitment to our employees is demonstrated in numerous awards for innovation, environmental sustainability, and corporate citizenship.Plastipak follows industry leading protocols to address COVID-19, including regular disinfection, electrostatic cleaning and temperature sensing kiosks at most locations. We strictly adhere to all CDC guidelines to provide a safe working environment for our associates and visitors; including face coverings, social distancing, and hand sanitizer stations.Named one of America's Best Employers in Michigan by Forbes in 2020, Plastipak offers many great benefits, including:
Retail Marketing CoordinatorDo you love working with people OUTSIDE the office, facing sales challenges head-on in the field? Is meeting new people and closing deals an exciting challenge? Do you lead a team with a ‰Û÷never give in, never give up‰Ûª spirit?Renewal by Andersen is the replacement division of the most recognized window and door brand in North America and is looking for a leader like you.Our direct-to-customer sales approach relies on our many marketing sources, including our Retail Marketing team who books sales appointments at kiosks in retail business locations.Role and Responsibilities
First State Bank is seeking a Marketing Specialist at the West Clay location. If you have experience writing engaging, channel-optimized digital and print content and marketing programs and activities focused on brand promotion and customer engagement, this may be a good fit for you!40 hours per week, some evening and weekend hours on occasion.Full-Time benefits will apply, including; medical, dental and vision insurance, paid sick and vacation, 401k, ESOP, and more!Duties and Responsibilities:The Marketing Specialist will perform all duties required of this position by following policies and procedures set forth by First State Bank, including, but not limited to:
Be the key in unlocking business opportunities in the convergent world of Open Platform IP Video Management Systems! Join Milestone!Do you have experience in B2B Marketing? Do you thrive helping brands reach their sales goals through Marketing? Do you use creative marketing solutions to solve business problems? If so, then our Marketing Specialist, Channel position is the next position for you!Under the direction of the Marketing Manager, the Marketing Specialist, Channel will develop a channel marketing plan that will develop channel-facing initiatives (programs, campaigns, promotions) designed to engage with channel partners to drive new leads by supporting the channel sales team and activating the sales teams of our resellers to get behind these initiatives to drive leads and in turn affect revenue generation.
Marketing AssociateMFM Building Products is a growing manufacturer of roofing and waterproofing membranes used in commercial and residential construction. The Marketing Associate is responsible for managing daily administrative tasks in a support role for the Marketing and Sales Departments. This newly created position will help plan and implement our marketing and advertising activities.ResponsibilitiesManage daily administrative tasks to ensure the Marketing Department runs smoothly and efficientlyCreate reports for customer sales, rebate programs and other subjects in support of both the Marketing and Sales Departments
The Member Experience Analyst drives strategic insights that support the transformation of the Langley member experience using survey, behavioral, and transactional data to uncover and communicate experience improvement opportunities. The Analyst manages day-to-day operations of our member feedback tool to ensure the smooth operation of the closed-loop feedback process. The Member Experience Analyst provides insight and feedback that guides Langley teams to deliver great member experiences that help our members save, borrow and spend wisely. The Analyst creates and uses Salesforce reports and dashboards to help create clarity and business insight used to identify and investigate trends to be shared throughout the organization and identify experience issues that may be impacting business results. The Member Experience Analyst uses member feedback, CRM data and other sources to identify tactical and strategic member experience changes. The Analyst partners with teams to deliver journey maps and service blueprints to communicate proposed experience improvements. The Member Experience Analyst collaborates on projects with others across the organization and acts as the voice of the member.
The Marketing Assistant will assist the Marketing Manager in coordinating communication and marketing activities. Assist in the production and implementation of various marketing materials. Execute and track marketing campaigns. Communicate with employees regarding promotions, pricing, products, as well as client retention and referral programs. Produce social media content, videos and blog to establish brand awareness.Assist in developing strategies and programs to educate customers about brand, services, and products offered by Western Heating & Air Conditioning and help to demonstrate the value of the company‰Ûªs services and products to customers. Assist with the planning of company events.Utilize project management systems for executing, documenting and tracking activities. Maintain reports to track marketing processes, activities and expenses.
WANTED: an ambitious, goal-orientated individual that thrives in a results-driven role. If you enjoy helping businesses succeed through marketing ‰ÛÒ and want to have fun doing it ‰ÛÒ then this position is for YOU! (How‰Ûªs that for a clichÌ© sales pitch?!)Tulip Tree Studios is a boutique marketing and design firm based in Stewartville, MN that is small enough to care but talented enough to make a big impact through marketing, web and graphic design, copywriting, photography, social media management, digital advertising, and more. We‰Ûªre a creative company that exists with the sole purpose of making businesses and individuals stand out in this ever-changing world of marketing. You can really get to know us at www.TulipTree-Studios.com/careersWe envision the perfect person for this job being intelligent (but not a know-it-all), out-going (but not obnoxious), persuasive (but not pushy), detail-oriented (but not a perfectionist), and creative (but not lacking in the common sense department‰Û?). They‰Ûªd be someone who is not afraid of having open and honest conversations with clients while keeping their marketing efforts in check; someone who loves meeting new people (prospecting!) and building professional relationships through networking; and, ultimately, someone who truly enjoys finding creative ways to help others to ‰ÛÏbranch away from the norm.‰Û
Job #: 205211Job DescriptionIf you are an experienced Financial Analyst looking for a position with a leading company, Bartech can help! We are a leading staffing firm and our clients include some over the nation‰Ûªs biggest companies. Our client has a need for a Financial Analyst. This is a contract position; however it is not uncommon for assignments to transition into permanent positions with our client companies. If you have the background we are looking for, and you are interested in an opportunity to get your foot in the door with leading company, we want to talk with you!Financial Analyst
We are looking for an experienced Marketing Analyst to assist with collecting, translating and analyzing advertising data from our online marketing efforts. You will need to be well-versed in the concepts surrounding digital and print marketing. The ideal candidate will be organized, self-motivated, driven and tech-savvy.Primary ResponsibilitiesTranslate complex data into easy-to-understand informationCollaborate with team members to collect and analyze dataUse graphs, infographics and other methods to document data trendsAbility to communicate across various levels of an organizationAbility to develop, audit, and test campaigns in ways that optimize key performance indicators (KPIs)
Marketing Coordinator - We offer a great company culture, competitive benefits, and an opportunity to grow within the organization!We are a growing manufacturing company based in Kenosha, Wisconsin that offers its employees a great company culture, competitive benefits, and an opportunity for growth.The Company:åá Cordeck is a family friendly company and is known for the great care we take with customers and employees alike.åá We are committed to serving our communities through charitable giving and employee involvement in community projects through a variety of sources.
One Planet Group , the leading online marketplace for locally-targeted advertising, is seeking aSearch Marketing Analyst, who will fit in to a very fun and fast paced environment, and has the ability to be very hands-on and a team player. This person will play a critical role in driving our profitable growth by being responsible for online traffic acquisition with search engine marketing (SEM) and Pay per Click (PPC) channels across multiple verticals. Candidates should be comfortable with managing multiple Paid Search campaigns and demonstrate a proven track record of maximizing internal KPIs such as profit, revenue, and conversions.Culture: Woven through One Planet is a culture that values diversity and inclusion, unity, service to humanity, and excellence in all things. This commitment makes One Planet a company that strives to implement best business practices while also seeking to foster an environment that promotes equality, love, and empowerment. As a member of the One Planet team, the potential candidate is expected to be a pillar that exemplifies and reinforces this culture.
Legacy Home and Ryan Studio are wholesale manufacturers of luxury home furnishings including bedding, sheeting, draperies, and decorative pillows and are seeking an experienced Marketing Coordinator.Qualified candidates will be creative self starters will the ability to effectively manage multiple ongoing projects in a fast paced environment.Responsibilities will include:Creation and maintenance of sales materials including sampling, price lists and marketing collateralWebsite updates and maintenanceE-mail newsletters and social media
Job LocationOconomowoc, WI USAddress1055 Corporate Center Dr (Oconomowoc), WI 53066Job CategoryAccounting & FinanceABOUT US (AND OUR EXCITING FUTURE)Menasha Corporation is all about possibilities. Our two businesses, Menasha Packaging and ORBIS Corporation, are leaders in their industries, providing corrugated and plastic packaging products and related services to major global companies.
Depending on your previous experience, you can join our company at the Associate Product Analyst or Product Analyst level. We are seeking multiple Analysts who will align with the following Business Teams:U.S. Foodservice and National Account Beverage BusinessInternationalApplying to this position means we will consider you for all available positions including both levels and Business Teams.Join one of our newly developed Business Teams to assist in the development of business and product strategy, provide analytical support, and apply business sense and creativity to help identify issues, solve problems, and generate ideas.The Associate Product Analyst will thoroughly learn a portfolio of product lines within a particular Business Team and will:
voestalpine Roll Forming Corporation Virtual InterviewsEvent DetailsDate: Monday, April 12, 2021, Tuesday, April 13, 2021, Wednesday, April 14, 2021What We're Hiring ForFinancial Analyst, FP&ASafety Technical Support Specialist / Safety SpecialistIntake Details:Technical requirementsAfter signing up, you will be sent an email with instructions on how to connect.Please be prepared to join the virtual interview from a quiet place using a desktop or mobile device with a working speaker, microphone, and camera. Check to see if your network connection can support an online session. A plugged in ethernet cable or a strong WiFi network signal will help avoid time delays during your conversation.What to bring to this eventPlease provide your resume in advance - submitting your online application ahead of time is preferredWhat to wearCasual (come as you are, but please be presentable)About voestalpine Roll Forming CorporationRFC‰Ûªs story begins with one man‰Ûªs vision of a company that would be prosperous while proactively meeting each customer‰Ûªs needs. It would be a company built on a foundation of dedicated employees, sustained by a strong work ethic and creative ideas while always respecting the needs and contributions of individuals.We have expanded into an additional Shelbyville location! Join us.We Engineer. We Form. We Solve.With a history dating back to 1947 and supporting some of today‰Ûªs most recognized manufacturers, voestalpine RFC‰Ûªs advanced roll forming operations deliver custom shapes and complete assemblies that conform to the most demanding specifications. And with engineering, design, tooling and manufacturing all co-located within close proximity to each other, we can deliver fully integrated roll forming solutions that produce larger volumes of components with exceptionally high quality standards while still meeting strict cost controls.health, dental, vision, life and short-term disability insurances, 401K retirement savings match (traditional or ROTH), health savings plans, and quarterly profit-share bonuses.What is a Virtual Hiring Event?Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you‰Ûªre a fit!https://www.rfcorp.com/careershttps://www.youtube.com/embed/u43a7yRYuqgDo you have the required 2 or more years' experienceIf Safety Role - Do you have your OSHA 10 and/or 30 hour certification? (If Finance role, N/A so please mark yes)Do you have Bachelor's degree? (Or five or more years' equivalent in experience or training)Will you be willing to apply on the company jobs site, www.rfcorp.com/careersFinancial planning & analysis professional to support the management team for our manufacturing company. This person will be attentive to detail, strongly analytical with an ability to communicate effectively with team members cross-functionally and at all levels within our organization.Ideal candidates will have experience in manufacturing environments, strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Self-starter and independent worker who enjoys working cross-functionally on projects that influence organizational decisions? Apply now!Qualifications and Core Competencies - To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily and possesses the competencies and skills listed. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Bachelor‰Ûªs degree in Accounting, Finance or related field. Extensive experience and/or training of ten or more years may be considered in lieu of degree.Two or more years‰Ûª related experience in finance or accounting role.Proficient in Microsoft office products (especially Microsoft Excel), MRP/ERP, and accounting packages.Willingness to work on-site at Shelbyville, KY location and ability to travel to other locations as needed.US Person (meets ITAR/EAR requirements)Experience in the manufacturing industryPrior experience in financial analysisWhile a flexible remote-working option is available on an occasional basis, this position will be based out of our Isaac Shelby Drive location in Shelbyville, KY._________________________________________Analyzes and forecasts financial, economic and other data to provide accurate and timely information to influence strategic and operational decisions. Utilizes strong analytical, organizational, time-management, and problem-solving skills to execute projects that support management and executive management teams.Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.Assists in the routine preparation, maintenance and analysis of monthly, quarterly and annual forecastsSupports preparation of internal management reports and comprehensive analysis of financial results to support management and executive management teamsAssists in the planning and creation of the annual budgetPrepares ROI analysis on new projects and performs post-completion analysis on past projectsSupports preparation and compilation of quarterly reporting packages for the Board of Directors and executive leadership teamSupports strategic planning, budgeting, tracking and approval of capital investment projects. Works with project owners to organize and arrange capital investment requirements for committee presentation, rigorously challenging assumptions and financial justifications, ensuring compliance with capital policy, and supporting Accounting in the recording of capital transactions to ensure proper treatmentSupports month end financial statements and analysesPrepare other management reports and analytics such as weekly sales results, monthly and quarterly commentary on results, regular updates to sales and EBIT forecasts, and others as requiredDevelop and improve forecasting model to aid in predicting profitability and cash flow resultsSupport sales and business development teams to identify viable business opportunities and filter out undesirable leadsParticipate in ad hoc projects such as special situation analysis to help identify cost savings, evaluate expansion/reduction opportunities, and ensure efficient uses of capital resourcesAssist Accounting, IT, Sales, Business Development, and HR with data projectscash flow basics/analysis, time value/discounted cash flow, internal rate of return, net present value, payback, lease vs. own analysis and an understanding of cost of capitalTravel occasionally, as required
The Senior Financial Analyst will have exposure to a wide variety of financial responsibilities including a rotational onboarding experience within the Finance and Accounting team. The innovation and curiosity the Senior Financial Analyst will bring to this role will take them from a behind-the scenes analyst to actively building effective systems to support the future of our Finance group around the globe.This role is critical in developing the systems and processes necessary for collecting accurate financial data, supporting efficient accounting activities, and designing financial analyses and tools that enable leadership to thoughtfully manage and grow the organization. Success in this position will require a heart for connecting with others, an analytical approach to problem solving, strength in identifying & communicating financial insights, and a passion for continuous improvement***Daily Management*
Wesley House Family Services is a nationally accredited not-for-profit organization dedicated to protecting and nurturing children and strengthening families with services spanning Monroe County, Florida. Social services provided by WHFS include: Full case management, Intensive preservation services, Enhanced-in-home services, Intensive family reunification services, Prevention & intervention services, Foster care & adoption services, Health families Monroe and Inez martin child development center.What you'll be doing-Administers routine accounting operation tasks to include: Preparing monthly recurring and general journal entries as needed, reconciling Asset and Liability accounts monthly with Controller and processing payroll on bi-weekly basis.Maintains all Utilization spreadsheets and assists Controller with completing monthly financial reports.
WellSky is looking for a detail-orientated Senior Marketing Specialist to join our team. As the Senior Marketing Specialist you will assist in the strategy, development, implementation, and optimization of digital and traditional marketing campaigns. You will also contribute to building a measurable, repeatable, automated process that fuels demand generation, lead qualification and lead nurturing.A day in the life!You will be responsible for the following:Implement innovative marketing campaigns, including programming campaigns in Marketo and Salesforce and tracking performanceTranslate complex data into simple graphs and text
About JLG, an Oshkosh companyJLG began in 1969, when our founder, John L. Grove set out to resolve growing safety concerns in the construction industry. Since then we have been committed to understanding the challenges and delivering innovative solutions to the access market. We partner with customers to provide quality equipment, training opportunities and trusted support within the access industry. We are a global company, and our products‰ÛÓincluding mobile elevating work platforms, telehandlers, utility vehicles and accessories‰ÛÓcan be found all over the world.JOB SUMMARY:The Financial Analyst will be responsible for the support and management of complex accounting activities to support the bad debt reserve and customer finance processes. The incumbent is expected to partner with key stakeholders to maintain complete and accurate records and for developing financial statements and reports. This position performs general accounting and finance responsibilities such as ledger adjustments, account reconciliations, preparation and presentation of financial statements and analysis. This position is also responsible for the communication of financial results to management.
Do you love learning and evaluating digital trends within the professional services environment? Olsen Thielen CPAs is looking for a Digital Marketing Analyst to help advance the digital transformation of marketing and relationship development. This person will work cross-functionally with the marketing team, niche leaders, and other business leaders toGrow digital visibility in targeted industriesCollaborate on lead generationEvaluate inputs and desired outputs for tracking and delivering insight to opportunitiesAssist in optimizing and evaluating digital marketing toolsLead processes to deepen and segment contact data to position OT as a trusted resource
Requisition ID: 42440Whirlpool Corporation is consistently recognized by Fortune Magazine as one of the World‰Ûªs Most Admired Companies. Our values are the driving force behind everything we do. Respect, integrity, diversity and inclusion, teamwork and the spirit of winning propel our teams to excellence. Get to know us and see what it's like to be part of the world's leading major home appliance company.FUNCTION OVERVIEW:Whirlpool is currently looking for qualified candidates for the role of Global Information Systems, Senior Anallyst, Sales & Product Marketing.
FirstSpear, LLC is currently seeking a Content Marketing Strategist for our growing company in Fenton, MO.The successful candidate will demonstrate strong attention to detail, as well as, a positive and collaborative attitude.Responsibilities and Duties:Establish a deep familiarity with our audience members‰Ûª characteristics, passions, pain points, triggers, and actions we want them to take. Carefully determine and align our content types, channels and activities to key audience personas and desired outcomesUse, manage, and enhance the marketing technologies we deploy, including CMS, marketing automation platforms, CRM, SEO and analytics tools, project management systems, and more
Godfrey Marine, a division of Polaris Industries, designs, engineers, manufactures and markets a full offering of pontoon, deck, cruiser and sport boats. Our industry leading brands ‰ÛÒ Bennington, Godfrey, and Hurricane ‰ÛÒ are renowned for their quality and innovation.Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE: PII) is a global powersports leader that has been fueling the passion of riders, workers and outdoor enthusiasts for more than 60 years. With annual 2017 sales of $5.4 billion, Polaris' innovative, high-quality product line-up includes the RANGERå¨, RZRå¨ and Polaris GENERAL‰ã¢ side-by-side off-road vehicles; the Sportsmanå¨ and Polaris ACEå¨ all-terrain off-road vehicles; Indian Motorcycleå¨ midsize and heavyweight motorcycles; Slingshotå¨ moto-roadsters; and Polaris RMKå¨, INDYå¨, Switchbackå¨ and RUSHå¨ snowmobiles. Polaris enhances the riding experience with parts, garments and accessories, along with a growing aftermarket portfolio, including Transamerican Auto Parts. Polaris' presence in adjacent markets globally includes military and commercial off-road vehicles, quadricycles, and electric vehicles.
MacroAir is the pioneer of the HVLS (High-Volume, Low-Speed) fan industry. We are dedicated to continually innovating and perfecting the world‰Ûªs most efficient fans for businesses. MacroAir products are made in the USA but can be found around the world creating comfortable climates in a more cost-effective and energy-efficient way than traditional fans and HVAC systems.MacroAir is a family-owned business of innovators - join us!Job SummaryThe Marketing Manager is responsible for overseeing most marketing department activities including content generation, brand and visual identity, trade shows, digital marketing, copywriting, social media, graphic design, videography, photography, product promotions, content marketing efforts, marketing processes, the departmental budget, and lead generation. This position collaborates and coordinates regularly with the SVP of Marketing and the sales department to establish new promotions and pricing strategies and to ensure consistent communication and alignment between departments.
As the Marketing Strategist, you will work with the Account team, Analytics and Design team members to develop strategies that will drive quantifiable performance and business impact as well as seek out new marketing capabilities, performance benchmarks, evolving best practices, and new technologies/tools for all channels across multi-verticals.Explore project types you might work onDigital StrategyResearchData
nan
Marketing AssociateCorporate Headquarters12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158With a long history as a stable employer, we continue to look for passionate college graduates to join our team.Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.Position Responsibilities#LI-POST#CORP
WHO WE ARE:Voted one of the Top 100 Fastest Growing Companies in the Bay Area for 2020, Freedom Financial Network is a family of companies that takes a people-first approach to financial services, using technology to empower consumers to overcome debt and create a brighter financial future. The company was founded in 2002 by Brad Stroh and Andrew Housser on the belief that by staying committed to helping people, you can ensure better financial outcomes for both the customer and the business. This Heart/$ philosophy still guides the vision of our growing company, which has helped millions of people find solutions for their financial needs.What began with 2 people in a spare bedroom has now rapidly expanded to a vibrant business that employs over 2000 employees (known internally as The Freedom Family) in two locations: San Mateo, CA and Tempe, AZ. When you visit either of our offices, you‰Ûªll understand why our employees have voted us the Best Place to Work for the last several years. It‰Ûªs a place where the Heart/$ philosophy continues to thrive, where we believe that success is only achieved by doing what‰Ûªs right for our customers, our employees, and our communities.Some of the key responsibilities for the Analytic Scientist will include:
Secure our Nation, Ignite your FutureOverviewEach day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.As a Data Scientist on our team, a proven track record of delivering production ready decision support tools and applications employed in the field and by mission-support entities. Further, highly competitive applicants will have a demonstrated capacity to: work closely and collaboratively with mission stakeholders; respond to emergent, mission-driven changes in priorities and expected outcomes; and, apply new and emerging tools and techniques.
nan
Are you passionate about using data, finding insights, and trying to explain why things are what they are? If so, read on.As part of the advanced analytics team, the Data Scientist will be a key player on an innovative team that develops and provides actionable insights across the organization. S/he will help to evolve existing forecasting methodologies across different parts of the organization and develop sophisticated models, using machine learning algorithms and advanced analytics. This role will be responsible for developing long and short-term product demand forecasts in multiple markets and across multiple channels to help drive down supply chain costs (freight, inventory levels). The successful individual will conduct multiple tasks and projects simultaneously, maintain strong relationships with stakeholders, and own deliverables end to end.Essential Functions and Key Responsibilities:#AM1TaylorMade Golf Company is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religious creed, color, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, pregnancy, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military and veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance, or regulation.
We‰Ûªre looking for problem solvers, innovators, and dreamers who are searching for anything but business as usual. Like us, you‰Ûªre a high performer who‰Ûªs an expert at your craft, constantly challenging the status quo. You value inclusivity and want to join a culture that empowers you to show up as your authentic self. You know that success hinges on commitment, that our differences make us stronger, and that the finish line is always sweeter when the whole team crosses together.As a Data Engineer on the Alteryx Data Science team, you will be part of an innovative and groundbreaking team, being primarily responsible for engineering a world class enterprise data management platform and driving continuous improvement for a world class analytics company. You will work closely with data architects, other data engineers, data scientists, and line of business associates to build out new system features/functionality and help bring thoughtfully curated data system and products that the Alteryx organization can trust. Success in this role is critical to our commitment of becoming a world-class Data Science team and fostering Alteryx‰Ûªs Data Science journey!
Experience and Qualifications:åá Familiarity with and experience in molecular genetics testing methodologies.åá Familiarity with databases, tools, and resources commonly used in interpretation of genomic data.åá Excellent attention to detail; strong problem solving and decision making skills.åá Ability to work on multiple assignments concurrently within established timeframes.åá Must pay great attention to detail and communicate effectively.Key Responsibilities:
Join our award-winning A-Team!Ready to produce exceptional results with exceptional people? Get in touch, we would love to get to know you.Affinitiv is the largest provider of end-to-end, data-driven marketing and software solutions exclusively focused on the automotive customer lifecycle. Backed by 20+ years of automotive and marketing expertise, we pride ourselves on being the go-to experts in the industry. Not only do we work with over 6,500 dealerships and every major manufacturer in the country, we're well-versed in OEM standards and the intricacies of a dealership or group's local business.At Affinitiv, data is central to our decision-making process and analysts are essential in promoting data-driven culture in all our operations. As a SQL Data Analyst, you will be on the ground floor with your team, shaping the way product performance is measured, defining what questions should be asked, and scaling analytics methods and tools to support our growing business. You will provide the evidence needed to support high-quality, high-velocity decisions for our team. The Data Analyst will report to the Lead Data Scientist and will be a member of the Strategy and Analytics team.
We are engineers, high line workers, power plant managers, accountants, electricians, project coordinators, risk analysts, customer service operators, community representatives, safety and security specialists, communicators, human resources partners, information technology technicians and much, much more. We are 3,300 people committed to enhancing the lives of the communities we serve. Together, we are powering the growth and success of our community progress every day!Grade: 14, 15, 16Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.
What if you could work for a cause, not just a company?Novozymes is the global market leader in biological solutions. We help build better lives. Together with our customers, partners and the global community, we use our innovative thinking and passion for science to boost industries and make everyday products more sustainable for the good of the planet. As the world‰Ûªs leading provider of industrial enzymes and microorganisms, our bio-innovation enables higher agricultural yields, low-temperature washing, energy-efficient production, renewable fuel and many, many other biological solutions that the world can benefit from today and in the future. We call it Rethink Tomorrow.Join us as our new Scientist in Microbial Assay DevelopmentIn the role of Scientist within Microbial Assay Development, you will be responsible for overseeing the development of Quality Control assays, their corresponding transfer into world-wide QC labs, and the design and governance of stability trials required for product launch. In this role, you will act primarily as a subject matter expert to provide experimental oversight to lab specialists and QC personnel. You will be responsible for working with and communicating to diverse stakeholders (R&D/Commercial/Pilot, etc) as the technical expert regarding method development and will work with regulatory and QC/QA stakeholders to understand regional regulatory and compliance requirements needed for method development. Working knowledge in applying statistics to complicated/variable data sets would make you a highly desirable candidate.We support the entire organization by knowing the right quality from early research to the end customer. We digitize, automate and simplify to have efficient processes, ensuring speed in our services and deliveries. We work consistently to have healthy, motivated, and proud employees.
The Data Consumption team of Data Security & Infrastructure (DSI) is seeking a highly motivated Spark / Big Data Developer to start or continue an IT career on the Big Data Platform project. Teaming up with architects, scrum masters, leads, managers and directors, you will work in an Agile environment to make the data on the Big Data Platform accessible for the needs of the organization through Atomic Models and Analytical Data Stores. In this role, you will coordinate with a variety of IT departments to elicit and translate high level business requirements into detailed system requirements. You will participate in the entire software development lifecycle by writing and executing test plans, finding solutions to issues during development and after deployment. You should be intellectually curious, have a solutions-oriented attitude and enjoy learning new tools and techniques.Basic Qualifications:
Position Summary:Under general supervision, the Master Data Analyst will have the primary responsibility for ensuring that master data is maintained by entering, updating, and maintaining master data, as well as having a full understanding of the impact of this data across the value chain. This role will also support inter-company customer orders, ensuring that orders are accurate and scheduled accordingly. This position will be focused on ensuring customer satisfaction (measured by OTIF ‰ÛÒ on time in full), communicating with other sites regarding product schedules, as well as maximizing freight efficiency by building full truckloads.Essential Functions & Key Responsibilities:
Ribometrix is committed to delivering on the promise of addressing human disease through novel scientific insight into the structure of RNA. Unlike traditional drug discovery methodologies that target the product of RNA (proteins), we believe small molecule therapeutics can be designed to interact with RNA to deliver a meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients living with disease.We are a team of individuals driven by the spirit of innovation, collaboration, empowerment, and integrity who are committed to the goal of helping patients with our novel therapeutic approach.If you are looking for an opportunity to pioneer new science, collaborate with great people, and ultimately help those in need, then Ribometrix may be the place for you.We are seeking a highly motivated Senior Scientist to join our Lead Discovery group and spearhead our mass spectrometry (MS)-based applications. This person will be part of a team that is responsible for discovering and characterizing RNA-small molecule interactors and will have a key role in identifying and progressing RNA-targeted therapeutics. The position provides opportunities to collaborate extensively with other members of the Lead Discovery, Chemistry, and RNA Biology teams and to contribute to both the science and strategy of treating disease by targeting RNA. An ideal candidate will have prior experience as a member of a team involved in drug discovery and working with validated processes and procedures.
Position Overview:Catalent hires people with a passion to make a difference to the health of millions of people globally. Your expertise, coupled with Catalent‰Ûªs advanced technologies and collaboration with thousands of innovative pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies, will help bring life-enhancing products to the people you know and love. Your talents , ideas and passion are essential to our mission; to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better, healthier lives. Interested in learning more about life at Catalent? Start hereSenior Analytical ScientistThe Senior Analytical Scientist reports to the Associate Director
Supply Chain Data AnalystCorporate Headquarters12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158Driven by Speed, Passion and Operational Excellence, Uline‰Ûªs Distribution Operations team supports our fulfillment operations across North America to be the leading distributor of shipping, packaging and industrial supplies!Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.
This is a senior level professional position located in the Water Supply Bureau which plans, encourages, and coordinates the implementation of alternative water supply (AWS) sources throughout the District.This position combines technical knowledge of AWS development, treatment, storage, and distribution with programmatic management of utility and user supported projects, including wastewater reuse, use of brackish water sources and desalination treatment, aquifer storage and recovery (ASR), and other non-traditional sources of water supply.Incumbent is expected to have expertise and experience with water and wastewater treatment technologies as well as a working knowledge of ASR, stormwater capture and other AWS source operations. Incumbent is the District‰Ûªs point person for AWS initiatives and programs, including cooperative funding, and should have experience working with committees, stakeholders, and individuals with diverse interests bringing them to a mutually beneficial outcome. Incumbent will represent the District on AWS rule development and policy on a state level in coordination with the Florida Department of Environmental Protection, county and local governments, utilities, and stakeholder groups. Incumbent will play an active role on local, state, and national water reuse committees.
About the Position:In partnership with the Vice President of Analytics, you will manage the analytics, insights, reporting, and distribution of key marketing performance indicators to stakeholders. The ideal candidate has strong background in analytics and has a proven track record of delivering insights that have successfully driven new revenue and strengthened brands. Through partnering with the marketing team, agencies and IT the data analyst will provide insights that will enhance personalization capabilities, campaign execution, performance/predictive analytics, and help develop models for future improvements. This position can be based anywhere in the U.S. and can be remote.Role Description & Responsibilities:Work with the marketing team, agency partners, and sales teams to conduct ad hoc and in-depth analysis of customers, marketing initiatives and P&L to identify key insights to drive optimization and identify opportunities across the businessDevelop monthly, quarterly and annual reporting dashboards that bring together multiple data sources from across the marketing funnel and generate insights and inform business decisionsDevise processes for data collection and monitoring to uphold data integrity; reconcile data from a number of sourcesEmbed best practice and champion data standards into the business and be an advocate for improving data governance and qualityBe seen as a trusted advisor to key business stakeholders on data drivenAssist A/B testing, from identifying opportunities, running test, analyzing results and delivering recommendations to the business on optimization-based resultsMonitor technology trends related to data capabilities such as data analytics and reporting to identify new and emerging opportunities2+ years experience in data and analytics supporting marketing or eCommerce teams working with large datasets including data visualization2+ years experience with web analytics tools such as Google Analytics or Adobe AnalyticsStrong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyStrong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects, etc.) and databases (SQL etc.)Proficient with data visualization tools such a Tableau, Google Data Studio or Power BI (preferred)Extensive experience with ExcelAdept at queries, report writing and presenting findingsExperience with CRM systems is a plus (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred)Experience in programming language is a plus (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworksB.S. in quantitative field such as Computer Science, Statistics, Math, or Analytics/BI related field a plusJoin a Winning Team at HUB InternationalWhen you join the team at HUB International, you become part of the 5th largest global insurance broker, providing a broad array of property, casualty, risk management, life and health, employee benefits, investment and wealth management products and services. Becoming a part of HUB means that you thrive in an entrepreneurial and fast paced team environment supported by over 12,000 professionals in 450 offices across North America. You will be able to actively contribute to our track record of year over year growth fueled by innovative new products and services, mergers and acquisitions, and a great team of people. As part of our talent engine, you will exemplify our strong core values which drive our unique corporate culture. HUB‰Ûªs entrepreneurial spirit is evident in our people, products and philanthropic initiatives and we are passionate about our talent!\#LI-KR\#LI-RemoteDepartment Marketing2-5 years of relevant experienceNo Travel RequiredBachelor's degree (4-year degree)HUB International Limited is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer that does not discriminate on the basis of race/ethnicity, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran's status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state or federal laws, rules or regulations. The EEO is the Law poster and its supplement is available here athttp://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm.EEOAA PolicyE-Verify ProgramWe endeavor to make this website accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact the US Recruiting Team toll-free at (844) 300-9193 orUSRecruiting@hubinternational.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only; do not use this contact information to inquire about the status of applications.Hi, we‰Ûªre HUB.In a rapidly changing world, we advise businesses and individuals on how to prepare for the unexpected.When you partner with us, you're at the center of a vast network of experts who will help you reach your goals through risk services, claims management, and compliance support.And this gives you the peace of mind that what matters most to you will be protected ‰ÛÓ through unrelenting advocacy and tailored insurance solutions that put you in control.About HUB InternationalHeadquartered in Chicago, Illinois, HUB International Limited (HUB) is a leading full-service global insurance broker providing property and casualty, life and health, employee benefits, investment and risk management products and services. From offices located throughout North America, HUB‰Ûªs vast network of specialists provides peace of mind on what matters most by protecting clients through unrelenting advocacy and tailored insurance solutions. For more information, please visit hubinternational.com.
Position SummaryAs technical operations scientist, the successful candidate will work on significant technical/scientific project activities to execute strategies and technical solutions that meet Strides needs and expectations through broad expertise. The successful candidate will be expected to maintain a high level of expertise within their field and engages in creation of processes and equipment design for clinical, scale up, and/or registration batches, including technology transfer of projects to and from other Strides sites. Evaluates and contributes to the design of manufacturing processes and supports problem solving as necessary with leadership and independent judgement. Typically works in manufacturing technical support for both commercially active products and transfer of new products to the site.
PHEAA is a nonprofit student aid organization that holds a mission of providing affordable access to higher education.Give back tomorrow by joining us today!The Lead Data Analyst is responsible for the support, administration, and development of data across the enterprise. This position is responsible for ensuring data quality and maintaining standards to ensure consistency. Additionally, this role works closely with leaders across the organization to improve the quality of data.Required SkillsRequired Experience
The CompanyThe world is facing a medical crisis, bacteria are increasingly evolving resistance to even our strongest antibiotics. The problem is already very real and immediate; for example, bloodstream infection leading to sepsis is now responsible for more than half of all deaths in hospitals and is the most expensive condition treated in hospitals. Sepsis mortality rate increases >6% every hour without effective antibiotic treatment. Yet, despite the life and death urgency, and healthcare cost impacts, current methodologies require 3 days to determine the correct antibiotic.Specific Diagnostics has developed a breakthrough solution to rapidly determine the effective antibiotic treatment for bloodstream and other acute infections. Used for bloodstream infection Specific‰Ûªs solution provides results 2 days sooner than existing methods, saving patients suffering from drug-resistant infection.
NexImmune is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a novel approach to immunotherapy designed to employ the body‰Ûªs own T cells to generate a specific, potent, and durable immune response that mimics natural biology. We are seeking highly skilled and motivated individuals to join an entrepreneurial team of experienced professionals dedicated to science, patients and addressing diseases with significant unmet need. We are a company with an uncompromising commitment to shared values, a strong work ethic, and respect for individuals. We set clear expectations, empower people to succeed, and reward results. Our executive team, Board of Directors, and investors include several successful industry veterans committed to building an exceptional company capable of transforming the field of immunotherapy.The backbone of NexImmune‰Ûªs approach is its proprietary Artificial Immune Modulation (AIMTM) nanoparticle technology platform. The AIM technology enables NexImmune to construct nanoparticles that function as synthetic dendritic cells capable of directing a specific T cell-mediated immune response. By mimicking natural T cell biology, NexImmune‰Ûªs T cell product candidates are designed to combine the attributes of cellular precision, potency, and persistence with reduced potential for undesired toxicities.
Start a Rewarding Career with AlliantWhat will your day look like?The Data Scientist is responsible to lead the development, validation, documentation, and implementation of statistical and advanced machine learning models that are used for decisioning and product management throughout member lifecycle, including segmentation, optimization, and prescriptive analytics; work effectively with internal clients to understand the business needs, propose appropriate quantitative solutions, and develop data-driven recommendations to improve member experience and achieve business objectives; provide statistical and analytical inputs for the development and implementation of policies and business plans related to loan origination, portfolio management, loss forecasting and portfolio monitoring; proactively collaborate with cross-functional partners including Business Intelligence, Model Risk Management, and Information Technology (Database Engineers, Application Development and Information Security); and deliver effective presentations of analysis results and recommendations to multiple levels of leadership and business partners. The incumbent is a key contributor to the success of the Risk Analytics team.You‰Ûªll be a great fit if in addition to an advanced degree (M.S./PhD) in Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Finance, Engineering, Computer Science, or other quantitative field required, and you have:As a thank you for joining our team, you‰Ûªll benefit from:We‰Ûªre on the list of 100 Best Medium Companies to work for, check it out here. For more details you can also visit our Glassdoor and profiles.
Position Summary:The Oligonucleotide Process Development Chemist/Scientist will work in the Process Development group to support broadly diagnostic and therapeutic oligonucleotide manufacturing process development, transfer and trouble-shooting production issues.Responsibility:Optimize and scale up/down synthesis, purification, conjugation and downstream processing methods in preparation for handover to routine manufacturing.Provide technical and early stage manufacturing support in the development of diagnostic and therapeutic GMP manufacturing process and capability, including developing and drafting of manufacturing procedures.
Tradeweb is looking to add a Data Scientist to its Data & Analytics team. Our Data Science team is responsible for managing the development and optimization of advanced analytics on a global scale across the company.In this role, you will enjoy working with one of the richest financial data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. The ideal candidate will have experience doing advanced data analysis, will have worked with large data stores, and will have experience building machine learning models. Candidates should be curious, focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive value in an organization.Design, build, test and deliver new data science services and advanced analytics to Tradeweb globally
Intro (Use Font Arial 12):As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be a part of the team responsible for making it easy to deploy, manage, and monitor machine learning models at scale in production. You will join a team that developes the infrastructure to facilitate model orchestration. Collaborate with both data scientists and platform engineers to create intuitive and resilient solutions. You will also be expected to follow the best practices of Agile software development, including high coding quality with testing coverage, and continuous integration and deployment of your solutions.What You'll Be Doing:Design and build scalable machine learning infrastructure for model management, continuous training and deployment, and serving predictions.Support the operation services and set up monitoring, to keep our services at the highest level of service agreement.Location and Travel Details:Profile of Success:About AIS:EEO Statement:
Job SummaryThe Lead Scientist supports a departmental group of personnel ranging from QC Technicians to Scientists. Direct supervision of typically 2-3 analysts is part of the learning aspect of this position. This is assigned by QC Manager, when appropriate, and under manager‰Ûªs guidance. This position is also designed to be a QT (Qualified trainer) to perform training to the department and is designed to have back-up supervisory responsibilities when the regular supervisor is on vacation or absent. Reports to QC Chemistry ManagerDuties are of routine nature following established standard operating procedures. Problem recognition ability is needed. Non-critical functions, and to a lesser degree some critical functions, utilize independent action and decision making with follow-up reporting to management.
nan
Job Summary:The Senior Scientist is responsible for the applied research and development of fluorescent lateral flow immunoassays using excited quantum dots. This position requires in depth knowledge of the design and development of multiplex enzyme linked immunoassays. The candidate should have a strong understanding of ELISA techniques, antibody binding kinetics, optimizing antibody matched pairs, stabilization and purification of antibodies, biomarker selection, and general assay optimization techniques. This position requires working with complex biological samples, typically human saliva.Essential Duties and Responsibilities:Lateral flow immunoassay development.Develop methods for antibody stabilization.
A career with MilliporeSigma is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 57,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in healthcare, life science and performance materials. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others. MilliporeSigma is a business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.Your Role:MilliporeSigma is seeking a Technology Transfer Scientist for the Carlsbad Viral Vector Manufacturing Facility to serve as an SME for transferring bioprocesses to cGMP production. This individual will work within a team ensuring readiness for cGMP viral vector production.Work with the process development team as required to define and scale-up production process unit operations that are robust, repeatable, and cGMP compliant.
Great compensation package, including a full suite of benefits.The chance to work for a fast-growing, established tech company, and work side-by-side with a dynamic team of talented professionals.Fast-paced environment with big goals and the opportunity to make a big impact.Top five reasons to come to PlanSource:#5: Join the Vista Family. In March 2019, Vista Equity Partners acquired PlanSource, marking a new phase of growth. Vista‰Ûªs portfolio of technology and software companies collectively make up the 4th largest software ecosystem in the world with ‰ÛÏintraportfolio‰Û career advancement opportunities and have structures in place to leverage shared learnings from across the ecosystem.
Discover. A brighter future.With Discover, you‰Ûªll have the chance to make a difference at one of the world‰Ûªs leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, you‰Ûªll do meaningful work you‰Ûªre passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.Job DescriptionThe Global Network Analytics (GNA) team within the Payments Services business unit, is seeking a Principal Data Science to lead business intelligence development for high-volume, transactional data. He/ She should be familiar with Data mining, text analysis and Data Warehouse and Cloud Technologies. He/ She would be working on analyzing Network data ( like Authorization, Settlement, Registration, Disputes and other Products) for network growth and future business initiatives. Responsible for working closely with management to execute analytical initiatives. Responsible for providing thought leadership & strategic thinking to solve business problems by leveraging techniques such as segmentation, optimization, advanced analytics and machine learning. This position will closely monitor performance metrics and KPIs to ensure goals are
CMC ANALYTICAL SCIENTIST, BIOLOGICS CMC ANALYTICAL DEVELOPMENTPosition Summary:The CMC Analytical Scientist (Chemist/Biochemist) will support the GBT biologics Drug Substance and Drug Product GMP analytical testing. The candidate will be responsible for analytical testing support and documentation as required by GBT SOPs and regulatory guidance. The candidate will also be responsible to review and verify process and CMC analytical data from CMOs for critical GMP/regulatory documents. The candidate will also provide support to organize and archive the completed internal and external analytical CMC documents. The candidate may perform other duties to support GBT biologics CMC development and manufacturing as appropriate.Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
About Dealerware:Dealerware is modern fleet management for the modern retailer. We are proud to be one of the hottest software companies in the automotive sector. By combining a modern-approach with fresh design thinking, Dealerware‰Ûªs industry-leading SaaS platform enables best-in-class fleet management and mobility for top automotive dealerships and manufacturers. Three years ago, we burst onto the scene with a promise to reduce costs and elevate the customer experience at automotive dealerships. Today, we‰Ûªre experiencing 100% YOY growth and are positioned to truly change the way the world hits the road. Across the automotive ecosystem, there‰Ûªs hundreds of billions of dollars at stake. And we‰Ûªre right in the swell of it.Dealerware is looking for a Data Science Manager to apply their leadership and experience in data science development to manage a team of data scientists to innovate in the fleet management and connected car space. They will need a deep understanding of statistics, analytics, machine learning and programming to discover hidden opportunities, trends and patterns. Working cross functionally with our team they will understand the data science and analytics and business requirements that will help our product unlock data insights for our customers. We are looking for a strong self-starter who will work closely with product management, engineering, design and research to co-create and drive a culture of curiosity and experimentation.
Job Description:Vive Financial is searching for a Network Engineer! The primary role of Network Engineer is to work with the team to solve operational issues, plan network maintenances, expand/build network infrastructure, and respond to network outages. This includes configuring, maintaining, and supporting any current/future configuration standards for all network devices. This position will be required to work assigned project task and changes with minimal supervision. Some on-call availability will be required.What You'll Do:Assist in design and implementation plans to make certain network capacity meets existing and future requirementsPerform network asset management, life cycle management and related documentation
JOB SUMMARY:The Network Administrator role is to assist the Network Engineer in ensuring the stability and integrity of in-house data, voice-over-IP, and wireless network services. This is achieved by participating in the installation, monitoring, maintenance, support, and optimization of all networks (LANs) and wide area networks (WANs) across the organization. This individual will also analyze and resolve network hardware and software problems in a timely and accurate fashion, and provide end user training where required.Minimum knowledge, skills, and abilities:2-3 years related experience or equivalent combination of education and/or training.Location: Pella Regional Health Center åá Information SystemsSchedule: Full Time, Days, 8-5
Network EngineerCorporate Headquarters12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158Bring your Cisco network and data center experience to a talented team that‰Ûªs revolutionizing our infrastructure with next-gen, software-defined technologies. At Uline, develop real solutions and your career.Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.#LI-SR1#CORP
Who We AreAthens Micro is an IT service provider, specializing in providing computer network and server support to small and medium-sized businesses based in the North Georgia area. Our goal is to offer state-of-the-art IT solutions and customer service to our clients. We provide corporate-level information technology on a small and medium-sized business budget. Our employees have the best learning opportunities for computer support in our industry. In operation since 1983, we are the largest and most reputable managed service provider in the area.The culture at Athens Micro is built on our shared core values: We Love to Learn, We Do the Right Thing, We are Helpful, We are Positive Problem Solvers, We are Responsive, and we Pay Attention to Details. Love to Learn means that we enjoy learning about technology and embrace the challenge of learning every day. Do the Right Thing means we do what we should do for our clients, the company, and ourselves. Helpful means we are always a help to our clients and fellow team members. Responsive means we are quick to respond to our client‰Ûªs needs. Attention to Details means we strive for perfection in all that we do.
nan
Secure our Nation, Ignite your FutureProvides technical expertise in the management of a public and/or private network such as Internet protocol (IP) networks, wide area networks (WANs), and public switched telephone networksBecome an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you‰Ûªll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Network Engineer to join our team in the Laurel, Maryland location.
nan
SPECIFIC JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:1. Maintains current knowledge of UCS best practices and pertinent certifications.2. Coordinates with user liaisons, both clinical and non-clinical, to assess business and departmental needs and objectives (i.e., current business processes, compliance requirements, areas for improvement).3. Performs feasibility analysis and prepares project plans to ensure business needs are integrated with system design and functionality.4. Monitors and reports on project activities and reports on status within published timelines.
Overview:Western National is seeking an experienced Network Engineer to join our growing team and help shape our network for the future. We are The Relationship Companyå¨, and we strive to provide best-in-class service to all our agency partners and policyholders while promoting a culture of work/life balance to our employees. We are interested in extending that best-in-class service to our internal stakeholders.This is a great opportunity for the right person to join our evolving Network & Communications Team and help with a complete network redesign and rebuild. This role will be a primary resource for all our LAN, WAN and Firewall equipment & configurations.If you are interested in joining a growing company, are passionate about customer service, and have experience configuring networks according to current best practices, we invite you to apply today!Responsibilities:Qualifications:
SkySilk Cloud Services is an up-and-coming cloud computing services provider. We are a small, yet quickly growing team of tech-heads working on building a product to help developers, students, businesses, and more work more efficiently on the internet through the use of virtual servers. This is an exciting time in our company and an opportunity to join our team on the ground floor.We are looking for an experienced enterprising network engineer II who will be able to maintain, control, and develop actionable plans to execute our go forward strategy for all networking topologies.The individual hired will have the opportunity to work with our team of qualified network engineers and administrators on various projects & initiatives. This position is key to developing the engineering platform, automation, continuous integration, and developing the technology roadmap.
Position OverviewOur Senior IT Systems & Network Engineers hold a wealth of knowledge regarding complex LAN and WAN network infrastructure. They are able to provide the highest level of network system maintenance and support, and are expected to have leading-class knowledge of hardware, software, networking, and security. A Senior Systems & Network Engineer should have years of experience working in the field, and should have a strong background in customer service and team leadership. Individuals must possess excellent technical and troubleshooting skills, and must also have outstanding personal skills as working closely with customers is imperative.Note: This position is generally not remote. We may consider select remote candidates who are located within Iowa. Candidates outside of Iowa will be required to relocate to the Iowa Great Lakes region.
As a Senior Computer Systems Engineer, you will primarily be providing technical development and support for our PC Imaging and repair processes across multiple product lines. Specific initial focus will be on Win 10 images using PowerShell, vbs, batch files, dism, hta, and Windows ADK, with opportunity to spread into other technologies in the future. This role will work with R&D/Marketing on functional requirements, then develop/improve manufacturing processes to ensure consistent yields of high-quality products.Exceeding customer expectations is one of our guiding principles at IDEXX. Our credibility as a company relies on our ability to deliver quality products to our customers on time and with no disruption to their business. IDEXX‰Ûªs Worldwide Operations Team works to meet this challenge each day with a global network of distribution hubs and a focus on efficiency, regulatory compliance and continuous improvement.
Fish & Richardson, the premier global intellectual property law firm, is trusted by the world‰Ûªs most innovative and influential companies. Fish was established in 1878, and now has more than 400 attorneys and technology specialists in the U.S., Europe, and China. Our success is rooted in our creative and inclusive culture, which values the diversity of people, experiences, and perspectives. Join Fish‰Ûªs downtown Minneapolis team in our fast-paced Information Technology Department as a Network Engineer.How Will You Make a Difference?Act as a resource for resolving problems and provide technical insight escalated from within IT and other departments.Configure and support servers, storage, and infrastructure for an extensive Microsoft, NetApp and Cisco environment.
We are adding a Senior Network Engineer to our Lexington, KY team!You will be the critical escalation point in the resolution of Level 3 issues.You will focus on Server and Network level problem resolution, Exchange issues, VMware, and Active Directory.You will use your knowledge of Network Infrastructure for project work and consulting.Technical Skills Needed:Basic support services for Microsoft related technologies: Windows Server, Active Directory and Exchange. MCSE, CCNA and other industry certifications appreciated
CompuVision offers:Competitive pay + BonusesFull health benefits401kFSAA leading Information Technology service provider, CompuVision is growing and hiring a Senior Network Engineer to join their seasoned team and contribute to the Company‰Ûªs rapid growth.Your primary focus will be managing all aspects of IT for a set group of clients on the Central Coast, primarily in Santa Barbara County - You will be their IT department. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills are a must, as well as the mental flexibility and ‰ÛÏcan-do‰Û attitude to work on a small team, in an informal yet fun, fast-paced, and results-driven work environment.
Altran is the world leader in engineering and R&D services. We offer our clients a unique value proposition to meet their transformation and innovation challenges. We support our clients, from concept through industrialization, to develop the products and services of tomorrow and have been working for more than 35 years with major players in many sectors: automotive, aeronautics, space, defense & naval, rail, infrastructure & transportation, industrial & consumer products, life sciences, communications, semiconductor & electronics, software & internet, finance & public sector. Altran has more than 50,000 employees operating in over 30 countries. In April 2020, we became part of Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. Visit us at www.altran.com.Job Title ‰ÛÒ Virtualization Network Consulting Engineer (Mobility)Contract
Network Account EngineerDuties & Responsibilities:Perform and manage project-based work in regards to servers, networks, cloud based architecture and moreNetwork and server managementCommunicate with customers to resolve problems, design infrastructure, assist with growth planning, and provide best practice analysisCommunicate with vendors & 3rd parties to ensure completion of tasks in a timely manner and to customer's satisfactionPerform and oversee software and application development, installation, and upgrades
Indeed Applications cannot be accepted, please apply on Seneca County's online application portal at https://seneca-portal.mycivilservice.com/ .MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Either:1. Graduation from a regionally accredited or New York State Registered college or university with a Bachelor‰Ûªs Degree in Computer Science, Computer Technology, Data Processing, Management Information Systems and two (2) years‰Ûª experience with microcomputers hardware and software and configuration and administration of LAN networks (i.e. Windows NT, Novell); OR2. Graduation from a regionally accredited or New York State Registered College or university with an Associate‰Ûªs Degree and four (4) years‰Ûª experience as defined above; OR
Senior Network EngineerCorporate Headquarters12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158Bring your Cisco network and data center experience to a talented team that‰Ûªs revolutionizing our infrastructure with next-gen, software-defined technologies. At Uline, develop real solutions and your career.Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.#LI-SR1#CORP
Job Description:Are you looking for a new and exciting career opportunity?Join our award-winning organization and work with some of the most talented minds within our Enterprise Technology and Innovation teams. As a Salient CRGT employee, you get to be part of a best performing team supporting our nation‰Ûªs most critical missions.Why Salient CRGT?We‰Ûªre passionate about the inspirational missions of our customers and we entrust our employees and teams to deliver exceptional performance to enable the safety, security, health and well-being of our nation. We provide the tools and resources to help you be successful, and our culture fosters an environment in which idea sharing and collaboration is essential. Are you ready to make a difference?OVERALL JOB DESCRIPTIONRequired Qualifications:Desired Qualifications:
Clearance Required:Top SecretEducation Required:BA/BS or HS/GED and Equivalent Work ExperienceUS Citizenship:RequiredThe MIL Corporation is now hiring!Let your imagination take flight supporting the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD). Looking to find work that stimulates your mind, challenges your skills, and satisfies your curiosity? MIL currently holds several multi-year contracts with NAWCAD in the areas of Cyber, C5ISR, and Information Technology systems.is seeking a to support a Federal Government client at our Patuxent River, MD location. The Senior Network Engineer will provide support to the MQ-25 program and interface with RDT&E and other support organizations. The Senior Network Engineer will apply system engineering and computer networking principles to the development, design and integration of hardware and software systems associated with local, regional and wide area networks and systems that process and route voice, video, data, and imagery information.
NETWORK ADMINISTRATORPosition Summary: The TRA, Inc. Network Administrator role is a top tier technical resource that specializes in Server and Network technologies, Server management and Security review. TRA serves as the Outsourced IT Department for 30+ organizations in the greater Milwaukee metro market.Duties:Core TechnologiesVirtualization Hypervisors including VMware ESXi 6.0, 6.5 and 6.7 and Microsoft HyperVWindows Server 2012R2, 2016 and 2019 Setup and Troubleshooting
SR Systems Admin-Des Monies, IAWith over 25 years of ignition interlock leadership, Intoxalock has expertise in helping drivers regain their license after a drunk driving charge and preventing any attempts at impaired driving. We have over 2,600 installation locations across the country, offer 24/7 customer service through our website, and are available in all 50 states.Intoxalock is a workplace you can be proud of. Last year our products stopped 212,000 start-up attempts by drivers who were legally intoxicated. We were also named a Top Workplace for the second time in 2018. Those results are hard to beat!We hire people who we expect will produce exceptional results, deliver amazing service to our clients including customers, attorneys, state associations and more, and inspire positive change within the company.
2nd Shift Server and Networking EngineerThe Network Server & Helpdesk Administrator ensures that users receive the highest level of customer service by managing task requests, promoting best practices for helpdesk and ticketing systems, and providing backup support as needed.Responsibilities:Providing helpdesk support to variable business unit end-users for technical support.Responding to technical-related emails, telephone calls, and voicemail.Resolving calls at either first or second levels of support and escalating as appropriate.Providing backfill response and support for either phone-based support or deskside support.
Position OverviewThe Level 2 IT Technician is able to provide the next level of network system maintenance and support, and is expected to have more in-depth knowledge of hardware, software, and more importantly, networking and security topics than a Level 1 IT Technician. The Level 2 IT Technician should have four (4) years of experience working in the field. Individuals must possess excellent technical and troubleshooting skills, and must also have outstanding personal skills as working closely with customers is imperative.Qualified Candidates Must:Communicate effectively with customers on both a technical and non-technical level.
Network EngineerCorporate Headquarters12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158Bring your Cisco network and data center experience to a talented team that‰Ûªs revolutionizing our infrastructure with next-gen, software-defined technologies. At Uline, develop real solutions and your career.Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.#LI-SR1#CORP
Secure our Nation, Ignite your FutureBecome an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you‰Ûªll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement. Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented DevOps Engineer to join our team in McLean, VA.The successful candidate will use DevOps skills and associated Linux skills to support application development teams and improve the overall DevOps efficiency of the Sponsor organization.Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:Serving as an interface to the Linux infrastructure team for support to the application development team(s)
Duties and Responsibilities:Work directly with the Development team and possibly also the Test/QA team, to test system integrityBe able to design and implement a set of standard procedures to be used for: build, deployment, and configuration managementCan run build verification tests on implemented designsAble to help integrate automated test scenarios into Azure CI/CD pipelines; experience with AWS deployments will also be helpfulBuild and test automation tools for infrastructure provisioningAble to handle code deployments in all environments
US CITIZENSHIP OR GREEN CARD REQUIREDABILITY TO ACHIEVE PUBLIC TRUST CLEARANCE REQUIREDIndigo Arc is a consulting and cloud solutions company specializing in the design, development & implementation of highly available & secure solutions for government and commercial clients. Our approach to consulting engagements is to partner with our customers, providing value at all levels of customer organizations from C-suite leaders to implementation and operations managers. Additionally, Indigo Arc turn-key cloud-based solutions enable customers to efficiently and expertly address a wide range of business challenges.Our team of solution architects, computer engineers, software engineers and business specialists working on our consulting engagements also drive our product development and R&D initiatives applying the latest technologies and real-world experiences. Our experience with cloud-first solution development enables us to bring the lessons learned to our consulting customers across many domains, especially as we help customers migrate operations and applications to the cloud or leverage automation, apply DevSecOps concepts and manage virtualization in their on-premise data centers.
Secure our Nation, Ignite your FutureManTech is seeking an experienced Cloud Strategist with expertise across various commercial and government cloud service providers - including Google Cloud, MilCloud, Microsoft Azure, and Amazon Web Services (AWS) for our operations supporting NAVSEA PMO-IT in Norfolk, VA.Responsibilities Include but are not limited to:Primary focus of this position will be the development of cloud-based solutions and capabilities that solve our customers hardest mission problems.Develop IT solutions that optimize architectures and help define a migration plan for how to refactor application and architect deployment pipelines.
About Robin:Robin is the first workplace management platform designed for flexible work. Every day, thousands of offices across the world use our software to find rooms, desks, and coworkers. Used by companies including HubSpot, Toyota, and Twitter, Robin empowers workplace professionals to build (and reopen) the best version of their office, so people do their best work.What We‰Ûªre Looking For:The Robin Systems Operations team is working hard to develop and maintain Robin‰Ûªs infrastructure in AWS. We are hiring a Systems/DevOps Engineer to help automate cloud systems provisioning through Infrastructure as Code and develop and maintain continuous deployment pipelines to Kubernetes. If this sounds as exciting to you as it does to us, we want to hear from you.
Title: Expert Support Engineer (Warehouse Management System)Comparable TitlesSr. Product SpecialistBlue Yonder‰Ûªs WMS Operate TeamOur WMS Operate (Support) Team is responsible for working with our global customer base to support the WMS Solution during onboarding, go-live, and steady state phases of their implementation. For our SaaS customers, we handle all aspects of solution support, including proactive monitoring, application, as well as infrastructure support: End-to-End. To help achieve success, we are transforming towards a DevOps model to work more closely with other cross-functional / development teams to drive a more controlled environment.
Work with our team of developers and our customers to create, test and automate our application environments. You are experienced with modern hosting technologies and understand how the Internet works. The systems you create help our developers work better, faster and make our applications more reliable. Your work is well organized and adaptable to many different situations and you choose the right tools for the job. You want to be part of the most innovative Midwest digital agency.Mission:You will be tasked with creating modern and reliable development, test and production environments for the software we implement. In many cases you will work with peers on our customers' teams who need help building, monitoring and maintaining these environments. Your expertise helps everyone stay focused on what they know best and adds value to the solutions we provide. Although modern hosting technologies are great, you understand what's going on under the hood and help advise and troubleshoot issues with other members of our team. You prefer open source tech like Linux and Vagrant but are OK with the occasional Microsoft environment. When not busy with projects you will help maintain our internal infrastructure and tools.
IdentityNow is SailPoint‰Ûªs Identity as a Service (IDaaS) product, and the Sr. DevOps Engineer will be a key player on the DevOps team servicing the IdentityNow product suite. He/She will proactively work with Engineering, Product, Services, and other functional departments to implement and operate our global customer-facing SaaS infrastructure. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter who enjoys a fast-paced job, thrives on problem solving, and is committed to delivering seamless product availability to large enterprises around the world.Responsibilities:Build and maintain a resilient, secure, and efficient SaaS application platform to meet established SLAsAutomate deployment, monitoring, management and incident response
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) advances the way people live and work. We bring together curious minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers make their mark on the world.HPE makes Hybrid IT simple. HPE helps customers to design the right mix of Hybrid IT solutions to serve their unique needs. We bring next generation infrastructure that uses intelligent software to simplify and accelerate the delivery of new apps, services and business insights. Our mission is to empower our customers with new ways to deliver and manage IT on-premises and in the cloud.We are working on the next generation of cloud storage and computing services built with simplicity, scale and security in mind.Sounds like you? Then we have the right opportunity‰ÛÓwe are looking for a Senior DevOps Engineer to join us! If you want to be part of a business area that is growing‰ÛÓwith great opportunities, and are ready for your next role, then please apply today.1074905
About Dealerware:Dealerware is modern fleet management for the modern retailer. We are proud to be one of the hottest software companies in the automotive sector. By combining a modern-approach with fresh design thinking, Dealerware‰Ûªs industry-leading SaaS platform enables best-in-class fleet management and mobility for top automotive dealerships and manufacturers. Three years ago, we burst onto the scene with a promise to reduce costs and elevate the customer experience at automotive dealerships. Today, we‰Ûªre experiencing 100% YOY growth and are positioned to truly change the way the world hits the road. Across the automotive ecosystem, there‰Ûªs hundreds of billions of dollars at stake. And we‰Ûªre right in the swell of it.Dealerware has an immediate, full-time opportunity for a DevOps Engineer to help us transform the way car dealers and manufacturers think about products and profits. Together, we will help dealers manage a mounting profit crisis; enabling them to find profits in new places by digitizing and automating their operations, while elevating the customer experience. We‰Ûªre looking for someone who will help maintain, develop, and scale our platform to support our rapid growth. The ideal candidate is just as comfortable writing a python script as deploying a lambda and configuring real time production alerts.
About Us:SentinelOne is defining the future of cybersecurity through our XDR platform that automatically prevents, detects, and responds to threats in real-time. Singularity XDR ingests data and leverages our patented AI models to deliver autonomous protection. With SentinelOne, organizations gain full transparency into everything happening across the network at machine speed to defeat every attack, at every stage of the threat lifecycle.We are a values-driven team where names are known, results are rewarded, and friendships are formed. Trust, accountability, relentlessness, ingenuity, and OneSentinel define the pillars of our collaborative and unified global culture. We're looking for people that will drive team success and collaboration across SentinelOne. If youre enthusiastic about innovative approaches to problem-solving, we would love to speak with you about joining our team!AdvantagesWhy us?You will work on real-world problems and make an impact by protecting our customers from cyber threats. You will join a cutting-edge project and will be able to influence the architecture, design and structure of our core platform. You will tackle extraordinary challenges and work with the very BEST in the industry.SentinelOne is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
About The Role:As a Software Engineer, you will provide product teams‰Ûª software development and product delivery support for the full product stack. In this role, you will be responsible for product delivery and product lifecycle with direction from the Product Owner, the Solution Owner and technical guidance from Solution Architects.What You'll Get to Do:Support software development by providing engineering patterns to deliver the optimal product; including communicating design patterns. Mentor other engineers. Provide overall technical leadership to smaller working teams as needed.
Why 2nd Watch2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We are looking for the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world, and strive daily to align our core values with those that we hire Elevating Each Other, Being Outcome Driven, Winning as a Team, Being Bold, Trusting Each Other, and Having FUN! these are all key elements to who we hire.2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams a perpetual thirst for knowledge, and a desire to work with the best people and take on big challenges together. Getting our attention takes creativity, integrity, a desire to improve yourself and your co-workers each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars to help raise the bar, setting industry-level standards around project management and delivery of AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud services.As a cloud native company, 2nd Watch has walked alongside our clients for over a decade helping them migrate to the cloud, accelerate application development, and deliver on their companys strategic goals through the blend of technology and innovation that is at our core. Our services deliver cloud native capabilities through strategic consulting, modernization services, and specialized technology practices focused on maximizing the value of public cloud through:With a client NPS of 85, our approach has been successful for some of the worlds leading brands and is tested, trusted, and proven to accelerate your cloud adoption.2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner, a Microsoft Azure Gold Partner, and a Google Cloud Platform Partner. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.AWS Solutions Architect Associate level Certified or higherIdeal candidate is an Application Architect or DevOps Architect with hands on experience.AWS Skills -Powered by JazzHR
We have an exciting opportunity to join our Technology organization as a Senior DevOps Engineer supporting various Advisor & Client Technology. This team oversees trading, fee billing, data, service transformation by delivering a transformed, multi-channel service experience to our advisors leveraging artificial intelligence, machine learning, straight through processing, and other innovative capabilities.Key Responsibilities:Provide technical leadership and mentoring to teammates through technical design of CI/CD processes and process orchestration, code reviews and implementation, adhering to industry standard best practices.Create standards and tools that enable faster delivery of software features with governance enforcement of coding and test standards
At Bluebeam, we empower people to promote the way the world is built. We create smart software solutions that make construction sites more efficient, connected and safe and improve the lives of design and construction professionals everywhere.You will be a full-time, onsite position based in Pasadena. Due to COVID-19, all new employees will start work remotely until we can return to the office. More information will be provided in the interview process.*About the role:Bluebeam is looking for a Senior DevOps Engineer to join our team. You'll help us better our software engineering practice. You will help develop solutions, and allow our engineering team to build our next generation of cloud native applications.
OverviewAre you looking to join a global technology department for an industry-leading investment firm? Fisher Investments is looking for motivated technologists to support our growing business. If you are looking to make a difference as we develop scalable solutions to support global growth, this may be the right opportunity for you!The Opportunity:As a Mulesoft Release Engineer, you will oversee daily Mulesoft system administration; DevOps; review and manage deployment of Mulesoft projects; platform monitoring and support. You will support several Technology Business Services teams, 3rd party vendors, and implementation partners. This hands-on role will provide support to other developers of the application integration teams. You will report directly to the MuleSoft Team Manager.
ID: WV-1093 Biometrics Systems Engineer (US Citizen)Location: Fairmont, WVJob Type: Full Time, currently remote due to COVIDEducation/Experience: BS and 5+ yrs experienceU.S. Citizenship Required: YesSystems Engineer Required Skills:Knowledge of SEEK II Jump KitsCogent ABISAWS GovCloudFluent in spoken and written English language
Base2 Solutions (a Belcan Company) s a technology consulting firm where each day offers new opportunities to learn, innovate, and have real impact. Base2 Solutions was selected by the Puget Sound Business Journal as one of 2020's Best Places to Work. For the sixth year in a row in Washington, this publication has recognized Base2 for its commitment to fostering an innovative culture and its dedication to providing employees with a great work experience.Our headquarters are in downtown Bellevue, Washington with an additional office in Brea, California.This position is for our Brea location, and the work will be onsite at a customer's site in Anaheim.What you will do:Base2 is engaged in an ever-expanding set of interesting projects. We need focused, creative engineers with a passion for harnessing the complex tools that make CI and CD possible. Our business is building new, innovative solutions, both internally and for our customers; you will use everything you know, and a lot you don't.This is an opportunity to join Base2's outstanding technical team; you will work with other great engineers, while developing new skills and furthering your career within an innovative and progressive technology company.This is for direct hire only. We are not considering Corp-to- Corp for this position. We are not able to offer Visa sponsorship nor are we accepting contractors placed through agencies/other companies.This job description is Base2's general DevOps Engineer position. A candidate's level will be evaluated during the interview process.Base2 is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and provide equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race/ethnicity, color, national origin, sex/gender, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected status. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, or should you have questions regarding our Affirmative Action Plans or wish to view the available portions of the plans, please send an email to recruiting@base2s.com with your contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation or our Affirmative Action plan will be responded to from this e-mail address.
Seeking an individual to work in an agile team developing and maintaining applications built using Microsoft technologies in an AWS environment. The ideal candidate would possess strong .NET development skills and have a background in cloud-based infrastructure.Job responsibilitiesDesign and develop web applications using Microsoft development tools in an AWS environment.Analyze business rules and provide detailed technical specificationsParticipate in overall system design as well as individual sub-systems or components, including providing development estimatesImplement components and sub-systems in accordance with agreed upon designs
Overview:Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. (SPA) is a well-established and progressive defense contracting company in the DC Metro area. We are a professional services firm established in 1972 that has a long-standing reputation for unrivaled technical and analytical support to some of the top decision makers in the Federal Sector. We do state of the art work and have a cadre of outstanding professionals on our team.The Integrated Warfare Systems Group (IWSG) focus is to provide engineering, technical and programmatic support to the Program Executive Office Integrated Warfare Systems, Above Water Sensors (PEO IWS 2.0) Directorate. Efforts include overarching program management, test and evaluation, systems engineering, operations analysis, systems integration, international, cyber security, IT network and programmatic support for over 25 PEO IWS 2.0 advanced radar, phased array radar, electronic warfare, electro-optic, advanced off-board electronic warfare/decoy and directed energy programs.Responsibilities:Qualifications:
DevOps EngineerCandidates must be US Citizen or Green Card Holder.Applicants should be local to the Greater Atlanta Area or willing to travel up to 10% post-Covid.Responsibilities of the DevOps Engineer include:
WHY commute when you can work right in beautiful Temecula CA!FULL TIME SALARY + health benefits + paid holidays + 401K retirement + paid time off (PTO) and moreABOUT US:The Identity Intelligence Group known as IDIQ in Temecula is currently recruiting for a Site Reliability Engineer. IDIQ is a privately-owned company that has been in business since 2009. We provide identity theft and credit reporting services to consumers nationwide under our brands such as IdentityIQå¨, CreditScoreIQå¨ and MyScoreIQå¨. Our company is currently ranked in the top 5 in our industry and has been honored as a Top-10 Ranked Company by BestCompany.com, earned the 2019 Stevie Bronze Winner, and the Enterprise Security Top 10 Fraud and Breach Protection Solution Provider for 2019. We have been recognized on TV, online, and radio by shows such as Modern Living with Kathy Ireland. To learn more about our flagship service visit our website at .
The Staff Engineer will play a pivotal role in building and operationalizing the enterprise data and analytics initiatives following industry standard practices and tools. This resource will be responsible for building, managing and optimizing data pipelines and automating production deployments. This is a technical leadership role working closely with business and IT partners to solve business problems using data engineering and analytics.PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:Designs and develops code and data pipelines to ingest from relational databases (Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, Aurora), file shares, and web services.Streaming ingestion with Kinesis Streams, Kinesis Firehose, Kinesis Analytics and Kafka(MSK)Republic Services is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.The statements used herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by an employee in this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required by an incumbent so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company.
The Data Engineer will work with apart of the Global Analytics Team within Global Professional Services. This role will work with a variety of Lexmark teams including Service Operations, Engineering, R&D, and IT. This role will work directly with Lexmark‰Ûªs customers as needed to develop new capabilities for Lexmark‰Ûªs IoT initiative. Dive into technical project work to help Predictive Service Management increase customer up time and reduce Lexmark costs. Leverage and create cutting-edge predictive models and supporting technologies to build better services and support for Lexmark print and IoT devices.Responsibilities:Work with cross-functional resources including IT, Hardware/Firmware/Software Development Engineering, and Service Operations teams within Lexmark
Job DescriptionCompany SummaryIf you have taken a moment to unwind with a bottle of beer, toast with glass of wine, or celebrate with a cocktail, chances are that you have shared that moment with Constellation Brands. We are passionate producers of iconic beer, wine and spirits brands that consumers love. From Corona Extra, to Robert Mondavi Wines, to SVEKDA Vodka, we produce over 100 premium brands with sales in nearly 100 countries, making us the number one multi-category beverage alcohol company in the U.S.Position SummaryCanandaigua, New YorkFull time
Overview:Summary: As Production Support Engineer you will have five main functional areas: Change Management, Assigned Projects, Configuring Server Environments for Applications in Production and UAT, Software Testing, and Production Support. Your team‰Ûªs responsibilities include responding to production issues, daily application maintenance, incident resolution and process improvement, disaster recovery activities, application monitoring strategy, and overall application stability. You will participate and drive production outage resolution, ensuring the right support staff are engaged and executive communications are sent, be responsible for team and application metrics and the quality of the data supporting them. Applications in this portfolio may include a combination of in-house developed, locally hosted, and SaaS systems. Overall experience Bachelor‰Ûªs Degree in Information Technology or equivalent combination of four years of IT education and work experience.Responsibilities:Qualifications:
We are looking for a Junior Dev/Ops Engineer that will play a key role in maintaining and improving the SAAS solutions we provide to the market. The Convercent platform incorporates a wide variety of features, including scalable website & ecommerce hosting, rating, billing and array of integration capabilities with external partners using web APIs, and other technologies. This is a very hands-on role which will involve working with our engineering and operations departments, building and maintaining production environments in AWS, Azure, and physical data centers.A Day in the Life Will Likely Include:Build and maintain infrastructure on AWS and Azure cloudWrite scripts to automate operations and server managementMaintain QA and Production configuration using automation toolsKey characteristics of the right individual are a desire and passion to take-on a broad set of responsibilities. This job will require the individual to rapidly understand our technology and work with multiple partners.The salary compensation range provided here is just thata range! The offer that is ultimately extended is based on level of experience, skillset, certifications and education.Bringing the transformative power of the cloud to the compliance and ethics industry, Convercent's award-winning SaaS solution empowers our customers to be more effective and efficient in managing their compliance efforts. With an inclination towards innovation, Convercent is helping our customers raise the standardand expectationsfor how companies safeguard their financial and reputational health.We are committed to be a more diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace. If you choose to fill out these demographic questions, your response will help us identify how we can improve our hiring process to support a more diverse workplace.Completion of these questions is entirely voluntary. Your responses, or choice not to respond, will not be associated with your application for this role, will not be used in making any hiring decisions, and will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.Hiring from a wide variety of backgrounds is important to us, because our customers and their employees come from a wide variety of backgrounds. Individuals seeking employment at Convercent are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.
About TechSmith:Being a TechSmithie allows you to work creatively to solve real problems for people and businesses in an innovative and collaborative environment. We are a home-grown, mid-sized company that has achieved global success. We help people ‰ÛÏshow what they know‰Û using our screen capture and video creation software. Our products, including Camtasia, Snagit, and Knowmia, are used by over 30 million professionals, from individuals to Fortune 500 Companies.Position Overview:As a Software Engineer working on our Cloud team, you‰Ûªll be part of an open, curious team of engineers looking after the development, care, and keeping of our web-based products and services. You‰Ûªll work along the range of the software stack: from front-end interactions to API management, to data and storage concerns, through deployment and performance metrics.You will put your problem-solving skills and passion for developing great software to use every day. You will work within a team, building world-class software products in a fun, collaborative environment. Responsibilities include: participating in an agile team, programming, estimating upcoming work, reviewing completed work with teammates, as well as other duties, as assigned. If you love solving customer problems and innovating with new technology, you will fit right in.At TechSmith, every individual can make a big impact, while working in a supportive team environment. As part of an agile team, you will have a voice in helping to decide what assignments the team tackles. While working directly with User Experience Designers and Product Owners, you will help decide how to solve our customer‰Ûªs requests. With the help of Software Test Specialists and your teammates, you will have the time and support to fully test your solutions and create quality work. Together with Systems Engineers, you will deploy and observe your services and applications. When you are not coding solutions for customer problems, you will have the time to advance your skills and your career with the help and support of your programming lead and manager. The TechSmith agile process is set up to give you the opportunity to dedicate entire sprints to innovation, self-guided work, or professional development multiple times a year.At TechSmith, we love our employees and are always looking for ways to reward outstanding performance. Our compensation is competitive and based on skills and experience. As a full-time employee you will receive the standard TechSmith benefits package including health insurance, paid time off, 401(k) program, and more. A casual work environment, company-sponsored events, free Friday lunches, and kitchens stocked with snacks and soft drinks are just a few of our additional perks. We offer you a unique and growing company value where you can enjoy your work and advance your career. If this sounds like a place you would like to work, please submit your resume and cover letter.
Dev Ops EngineerAre you looking to make an impact at a fast-growing health-tech company that tops the lists on the Inc. 5000 and the Boston Business Journal? You‰Ûªve come to the right job description.SUMMARYAs our Lead DevOps Engineer will help build and lead a dynamic team creating leading edge products for our clients.Who‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎWe‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎAre‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎAt IntelyCare, we‰Ûªre empowering healthcare heroes to transform the way they work. IntelyCare simplifies the scheduling and staffing process to match qualified nursing professionals - we call them IntelyPros - with shifts at our partnered facilities. We have a pool of over 15,000 IntelyPros in our network who get the pay, freedom, and flexibility they deserve‰ÛÓall from one smart and easy-to-use mobile app and platform. And our partnered facilities‰ÛÎ get ‰ÛÎaccess‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎto‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎnursing‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎresources‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎwhen‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎthey‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎneed‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎthem.‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎAll‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎof‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎwhich‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎleads‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎto‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎthe‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎultimate‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎgoal‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎ-‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎbetter‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎcare‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎfor‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎpatients.‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎ ‰ÛÎ
Job DescriptionThe Clairvoyant framework is a scalable, extensible, cloud-based software-hosting-and-integration environment that enables the rapid development and deployment of advanced mission applications and analytics within an enterprise. Clairvoyant is looking for highly adaptable engineers who are willing to step outside of their comfort zone to accomplish the mission.As an DevOps engineer, you will:Develop, deploy, and maintain a fully automated Continuous Integration pipeline, using JenkinsExecute and implement the necessary security, vulnerability, and quality scans for the CI pipelineDevelop, deploy, and maintain a fully automated Continuous Delivery pipeline to a Kubernetes environment, using ArgoCDAutomate the touch point between CI and CDDeploy, configure, and maintain all the tools and packages the pipelines require, as Docker containersDeploy the CI/CD pipeline into the Kubernetes clusters via HelmCandidate must have a TS/SCI clearance and have or be willing to obtain a current PolygraphBachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fieldExperience with Containerization (Docker) and Container Orchestration (Kubernetes)Experience with implementing CI/CD pipelinesGood command of Linux/Unix and command line knowledgeFamiliarity with agile development methodologiesExperience in application administration, configuration, and integrationAbility to travel 5% of the timeWillingness to learnAbility to work in a fast pace and dynamic environmentSelf-starter with good interpersonal and written/verbal communication skillsSignificant experience with cloud native technologiesFamiliarity with AWSCurrent certification compliant with DoD 8570 IAT level 3 (COMPTIA Security +)Normal demands associated with an office environment. Ability to work on computer for long periods, and communicate with individuals by telephone, email and face to face. Some travel may be required.BITS, a CACI Company, benefits are unique. The benefits equate to 50% of salary on top of your base salary. The first part is a tax qualified profit-sharing retirement plan to which BITS annually contributes up to 25% of your base salary (not in excess of applicable IRS limits) to your retirement account under the plan. The second part consists of BITS' Individual Benefit Account (IBA), which is used for premiums, medical reimbursements, dependent care, education and Paid Time Off (PTO) policy. Both components of the BITS benefit package are paid for by BITS in addition to your base salary and potential performance bonuses.We believe in healthy home/work balance. Our locations offer a wide variety of activities to balance with your work life.Check us out at http://www.caci.com/bit-systems/BITS3SE5Job LocationUS-Sterling-VA-DENVERCACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Do you dare to reinvent the future of education?At Cengage, we‰Ûªre harnessing the power of tech to build a future where all learners have the tools and confidence to achieve their goals. National Geographic Learning (NGL) is a Cengage company delivering comprehensive educational programs and academic instructional materials that offer the same engaging high-quality content that you‰Ûªve come to know and expect from National Geographic. As a member of the NGL team, you‰Ûªll help transform learning for students of all ages (from Pre-K through adults), providing academic materials that enhance learning across a wide range of subjects, including: Reading/Language Arts, ESL/ELD, Mathematics, Sciences, and Social Studies. Collaborating with the best of the best, you‰Ûªll feel challenged and inspired to do breakthrough work. There‰Ûªs no limit to what we can imagine, create and innovate together!
ID: WV-1093 Biometrics Systems Engineer (US Citizen)Location: Fairmont, WVJob Type: **Full Time in Fairmont, WV, temporarily remote due to COVIDEducation/Experience: BS and 5+ yrs experienceU.S. Citizenship Required: Yes** FULL TIME ON SITE IN FAIRMONT, WEST VIRIGNIA**** RELOCATION to Fairmont, WV is required -- ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE****Salary determined by skills and relevant years of experienceSystems Engineer Required Skills:
OverviewDo you have a passion for improving DevOps processes and improving software development agility and automation? Do you enjoy leading technical teams and working to create strategic solutions? If so, our DevOps and Tools Team Leader position may be the right fit for youThe Opportunity:As our DevOps and Tools Team Leader you will align team actions with business and information technology goals to achieve meaningful results and develop employee career growth through coaching and stretch assignments. You will establish and promote best practices in DevOps technologies and philosophies. Your team will build and operate large-scale systems to ensure security, high availability, and scalability within our platform. You will develop tools and processes that enable our engineering teams to deliver continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) principles. You will report directly to the Vice President of Application Engineering.
Sr. Robotics EngineerFactory Automation Systems is an industrial automation systems integrator that was founded in 1992. Located in Atlanta, GA, the company provides turnkey automation solutions to manufacturing companies across the U.S. Our core expertise includes programmable controllers, information systems, robot systems, variable speed drives and motion control. We deliver solutions to customers from diverse industries ‰ÛÒ building products, automotive, metals, food processing, chemicals, and more.FAS specializes in machine tending, material handling and material removal robotic applications. The company is a Robotics Industries Association (RIA) certified robot integrator, and FAS is a certified integration partner for KUKA, FANUC and ABB. Visit www.youtube.com/factoryautomation for videos of recent robot projects.
Join our team!DSC Dredge, LLC. is looking for experienced Automation Engineer/PLC Programmers ready to work hard with a positive attitude in a fast paced environment. World-class dredge manufacturing business with immediate full-time openings! Company offers competitive salary based on experience and unmatched benefit package, including health insurance, 401K w/match, and much more.Major Responsibilities:åá Develop PLC and HMI applications to meet specificationsåá Plans, evaluates, organizes and implements automation related projects and initiatives.
Automation EngineerTechLab, Inc. develops, manufactures, and distributes medical diagnostic tests. This company places emphasis on science and collaboration with Universities. We are looking to add a Automation Engineer to our team.An employee in this position can expect to perform the following duties:Project and time managementRecommending, Designing, Simulating, programming, and operational testing of electrical or mechanical automationMaintain, repair and troubleshooting of automation system controls, including but not limited to: Motors, Drives, PLC, User interfaces and Robotic Systems
