the professionals at the national security agency ( nsa ) have one common goal : to protect our nation . the mission requires a strong offense and a steadfast defense . the offense collects , processes and disseminates intelligence information derived from foreign signals for intelligence and counterintelligence purposes . the defense prevents adversaries from gaining access to sensitive classified national security information . with the ever-accelerating technological advances and growing system complexity , nsa needs hardware/software design engineers to design , develop , construct and test electronic hardware and software processing components . these components are typically subsystems of communication , collection , processing or analysis systems . hardware/software design engineers are hired into positions supporting a broad range of specialized skills including computer engineering , computer programming , computer software engineering , electrical engineering , and communications engineering . positions may be an office directly supporting a technical mission or one of three development programs : the resident signals engineering program ( rse ) , system engineer development program ( sedp ) or the information technology development program ( itdp ) . the resident signals engineering program is a 4-year technical development program focused on the collection , processing , and analysis of signals in any environment and in any media . the rse program offers selected technical personnel unique opportunities for self-directed diversity tours in core mission areas where they will learn about , and provide solutions for , many of the toughest technical problems facing the agency . the sedp prepares recent college graduates ( engineering-related degrees ) for a career in systems engineering at nsa . applying systems engineering tradecraft and building a network while working with leading nsa experts prepares sedp engineers for advanced or leadership assignments . the sedp covers the breadth of systems engineering core competencies , including technical/analytical , technical management , and organizational/business processes . during the three-year full-time program , sedp engineers rotate assignments to gain exposure to various nsa mission areas , attend systems engineering training and visits throughout the ic , and earn dod dawia and other important credentials . the itdp is a three-year full-time development program designed to provide entry-level information technology specialists ( that is , individuals with degrees in computer science , engineering , computer security , information systems , information technology , and related degrees and experience ) the opportunity to acquire the skills and technical capabilities necessary to successfully execute nsa 's mission . in this program , participants gain a depth of knowledge in a breadth of information technology disciplines , including system/security , software engineering , software project management , and system architecture . itdp participants work in teams and with nsa technical leaders to solve current and future challenging it problems . the responsibilities of a hardware/software design engineer may include : - designing , developing , testing , and/or evaluating computer or computer-related equipment . - programming , modifying and/or configuring system software that manages the computer hardware and provides services to the applications . - applying software engineering principles to design , develop , test , and evaluate/modify software applications . \r\n position requires a top secret ( ts/sci ) clearance with a polygraph . estimated salary : position level : all levels salary range : up to $ 215,000.00 per year b4corp estimated salary ranges : position level min salary max salary level 1  -  subject matter expert $ 160,000 $ 215,000 level 2  -  expert $ 140,000 $ 195,000 level 3  -  senior $ 110,000 $ 170,000 level 4  -  full performance $ 60,000 $ 100,000 mandatory requirements : \r\n day to day : insight global is looking for a network engineer that will act as a dual role of division and site support for it needs . this person will manage and direct all networking and communications platforms working in conjunction with systems personnel . this individual is responsible for all lan/wan/firewall/wireless/internet design , configuration , implementation , monitoring , reporting and manage/support . interacts with and provides direction to the broader it team and management . requires experience in telecommunications network design and management . 70 % of day-to-day functions will be project-based , while 30 % will be end user support and troubleshooting . this person must be comfortable working on a hybrid schedule and going onsite . must haves : 2+ years network engineer experience \r\n senior network engineer as a member of the advanced logic industries , inc. ( ali ) team , you will act in a consultative and hands on role to support our clients with their existing it requirements and make recommendations for future needs . you will be part of a team that builds strong relationships with engineering and sales team members , voicing product use cases and feedback based on customer and prospective opportunities . you will be part of a team that works together to ensure our client is receiving the highest standards of customer service . this position affords you the opportunity to predominately work remotely , with occasional light travel . pre-scheduled onsite travel in virginia may be required . what you will do  -  responsibilities assist in efforts of the design , testing and implementation of new systems architecture \r\n job title : mechatronics/robotics engineer ( rockville , md ) temple allen industries ( www.templeallen.com ) is an industrial technology firm with its headquarters in rockville , md , just outside of washington d.c. temple allen industries was founded in 2003 on the belief that we can enable workers to perform some of the hardest jobs in industry without risking their health . we build tools and solutions that protect workers , make them more valuable to their employers , and improve the company bottom line . the firm has enjoyed particular success in serving a prestigious list of aerospace and marine clients in both its commercial and defense sectors and is currently developing a line of smart automation products which promise to redefine the industrial robotics and human augmentation sectors . position : mechatronics/robotics engineer we are looking for a few exceptional candidates who have graduated from a competitive program in mechatronics , robotics , mechanical engineering , computer science , or related disciplines to consider joining the elite team at temple allen industries in rockville , md . \r\n redzone robotics provides wastewater asset management solutions using clear and concise data to guide asset managers in critical infrastructure decision . we understand the cost of infrastructure failures and shepherd leaders in the process that protect their communities with the most efficient and economical solutions . we believe that what lies underground directly affects the communities that live above . our process , from inspection to data delivery , is guided by the belief we all deserve a safe place to live , work , play , and grow old . as a robotics engineer with a sensor focus , you will work with redzone engineering teams to define , build , and execute strategic system development programs focused on building robots and payloads aligned with the company ' s vision of the future . the successful candidate will evidence a passion for delivering adaptive and creative solutions to industry specific challenges by staying up to date with best practices and emerging trends in sensors and sensor modalities . this individual will thrive in an environment that requires strong problem-solving skills and independent self-direction , coupled with an aptitude for team collaboration and open communication . the ideal candidate will be able to advocate for system improvements to company leadership and work closely with the engineering teams to address issues before they reach our valued customers . they will also have experience in a fast-paced and innovative environment where needs and requirements can change rapidly . \r\n tekpro is a chicago-based search firm that specializes in recruiting leaders in the manufacturing and automation industries . our client is looking to hire an automation engineer on a full-time , permanent basis . the automation engineer will work with applications , controls , and robot technicians . he or she will take service calls and plan service trips . they will assemble spare part orders and install add-ons to existing jobs . additionally , they will work on quoting new service work . the automation engineer is responsible for helping with installation , troubleshooting automation systems at the customer facilities , performing safety validations , preventative maintenance ( pm ) robots with our 12-point system , servicing automation cells , executing plc changes , and robot programming . this position reports to the applications and service director and will also be in collaboration with the project managers , production team , and engineers ( electrical , mechanical , applications and controls ) . qualifications \r\n about us here at viabot , we 're building a robot made to tackle real-world tasks . we 're a robotics startup based in the heart of silicon valley , with a forward-thinking and exceptional team that 's ever-growing . our aim is to change the way people see robots -- not as gimmicks or as one-trick ponies , but as sensible solutions to sizable problems . enter runo : an autonomous mobile robot designed to handle with ease outdoor commercial tasks , such as sweeping and grass cutting . learn more about us at : https : //www.viabot.com responsibilities viabot is looking for a passionate robotics software engineer looking to get involved with all aspects of the development of amrs as a viable commercial solution . our ideal candidate is resourceful , hard-working , and not afraid to get their hands dirty while programming , testing , and maintaining these bots . they will be responsible for : \r\n about you : the senior devops engineer will work directly with one of our technology-based clients together with their infrastructure and software engineering teams to build scalable , secure and efficient cloud infrastructure in aws and train and guide the organization in devops practices . the right candidate views every day as an opportunity to develop new skills and is highly motivated by a need to continuously expand their knowledge to improve themselves and the organization . responsibilities : maintain and improve the architectures of our cloud services , as well as assist the engineering team to design and build new services with deployment , availability , and scalability in mind manage and maintain cloud infrastructure \r\n about you : the senior devops engineer will work directly with one of our technology-based clients together with their infrastructure and software engineering teams to build scalable , secure and efficient cloud infrastructure in aws and train and guide the organization in devops practices . the right candidate views every day as an opportunity to develop new skills and is highly motivated by a need to continuously expand their knowledge to improve themselves and the organization . responsibilities : maintain and improve the architectures of our cloud services , as well as assist the engineering team to design and build new services with deployment , availability , and scalability in mind manage and maintain cloud infrastructure \r\n sr. data scientist here 's your rare opportunity to join our client 's exciting , fast-growing , and dynamic team in suffern , ny ! about you : you have 3++ years of solid expertise in developing market forecasting , analysis and campaign reporting . you have strong experience in r and python java , alteryx , vba , sql , etl a plus . you ' re well-spoken , and can verbally communicate well with fortune 500 clients . your excel skills are wizard level . \r\n nsa overview : the professionals at the national security agency ( nsa ) have one common goal : to protect our nation . the mission requires a strong offense and a steadfast defense . the offense collects , processes , and disseminates intelligence information derived from foreign signals for intelligence and counterintelligence purposes . the defense prevents adversaries from gaining access to sensitive classified national security information . at nsa , data science is a fundamental discipline and is present in nearly every aspect of the mission . nsa is the nation 's leader in providing foreign signals intelligence while also protecting u.s. government information systems , forging the frontier of communications , and data analysis . we serve the american people by applying technical skills to meaningful work , keeping our friends and families safe for generations to come . you will make a lasting impact serving your country as a data scientist at the national security agency , using your curiosity and technical expertise to analyze large data sets to inform decision-making against foreign threats . description of position : data science at nsa is a multi-disciplinary field that uses elements of mathematics , statistics , computer science , and application-specific knowledge to gather , make , and communicate principled conclusions from data . data science is present in every aspect of the mission . nsa data scientists tackle challenging real-world problems leveraging big data , high-performance computing , machine learning , and a breadth of other methodologies . we are looking for critical thinkers , problem solvers , and motivated individuals who are enthusiastic about data and believe that answers to hard questions lie in the yet-to-be-told story of diverse , complicated data sets . you will employ your mathematical science , computer science , and quantitative analysis skills to develop solutions to complex data problems and take full advantage of nsa 's capabilities to tackle the highest priority foreign intelligence and cybsersecurity challenges . the data science development program ( dsdp ) is a three-year opportunity to develop and enhance your data science skills for an nsa career . participants experience the breadth of data science at nsa through six- to nine-month assignments in a variety of diverse organizations , and collaborate with nsa 's experts in the field of data science . you will have opportunities to attend technical conferences with experts from industry and academia . you will routinely discuss and share nsa 's challenges and successes at weekly technical roundtables . you will study data science and related subjects in nsa-taught classes . we foster an environment where you will develop your data science skills , allowing you to quickly contribute to nsa 's highest priority mission challenges . graduates of the dsdp may choose their first permanent assignments from any of the nsa directorates , depending on availability . as a data scientist at nsa , your responsibilities may include : - exploratory data analysis and exploratory model-fitting to reveal data features of interest - machine-learned predictive modeling - collecting and combining data from multiple sources - identifying and analyzing anomalous data ( including metadata ) - applying scientific methods to data evaluation , performing statistical inference , and data mining - developing conceptual design and models to address mission requirements - developing qualitative and quantitative methods for characterizing datasets in various states . - performing analytic modeling , scripting , and/or programming -working collaboratively and iteratively throughout the data-science lifecycle - developing analytic plans , engineer supporting algorithms , and design and implement solutions which execute analytic plans . - designing and developing analytics and techniques for analysis - analyzing data using mathematical and statistical methods - evaluating , documenting , and communicating research processes , analyses , and results to customers , peers , and leadership - creating interpretable visualizations \r\n attunely is looking for a senior data scientist to join our highly experienced team ! this role will work with our data science group to develop and implement individualized ml models for our customers in the financial sector . the ideal candidate is adept at developing and improving predictive models , as well as rigorously evaluating their effectiveness . they must have significant experience of working with large amounts of data from multiple sources and at translating their insights into code . they must be comfortable working across teams and with a range of stakeholders . the right candidate will have a passion for economic modeling and for working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes , as well as drive for personal growth within the data science field . responsibilities : work with the data science team to develop machine learning models for customers . use analytical methods and research skills to assess and improve models and modeling techniques and prove their effectiveness . \r\n title : front end .net web developer salary : negotiable individuals only no recruiters job description we are looking for a passionate front end developer who has heavy knowledge of java script , css and html . you must be comfortable programming in a web-based distributed environment , delivering relatively complex applications on a variety of frameworks and applications . the skills and focus necessary for this position will be rewarded with industry leading b2b technology exposure . the right individual will take direction from application architects and business analysts who provide loose technical direction which must be translated into our existing code base . although maintenance programming will be required , application development will also involve new development directly contributing to our product roadmap . \r\n we are seeking a wordpress / php developer responsible for front-end and backend development . this position requires a combination of programming skills ( namely php , html5 , css3 , and javascript ) and aesthetics ( understanding element arrangements on the screen , the color and font choices , and so on ) . the candidate should have a strong understanding of industry trends and the wordpress content management system . experience with responsive and adaptive design is required . the developer will be responsible for implementing and supporting unique creative designs on sophisticated client websites and for contributing to the ongoing development and maintenance of the platform . responsibilities A designing and implementing new features and functionality A establishing and guiding the website ' s architecture A working in a team environment and willingness to jump in and assist in other areas to get the job done \r\n software developer about us meritize is an education lender that uses an individual ' s academic , military and work achievements to enhance credit evaluation and expand funding for skills-based education . the company ' s proprietary merit-based lending program goes beyond traditional underwriting to leverage individual academic and experiential data , resulting in increased access to educational funding and improved outcomes . the meritize platform promotes the growth and development of skills-based careers on behalf of students , educators and employers through innovative funding solutions , skills building programs and career success services . key responsibilities if you are looking to work alongside a team of highly energetic , passionate , and driven people , then this opportunity may be for you . reporting to the software development manager , here are the key things this software developer will be doing : \r\n nsa overview the professionals at the national security agency ( nsa ) have one common goal : to protect our nation . the mission requires a strong offense and a steadfast defense . the offense collects , processes and disseminates intelligence information derived from foreign signals for intelligence and counterintelligence purposes . the defense prevents adversaries from gaining access to sensitive classified national security information . description of the position as a front end web developer , your responsibilities may include : - consulting extensively with customers to elicit project requirements , provide content strategy services , and establish and communicate project timelines and milestones - collaborating with team members , as needed , to ensure technical solutions are implemented to meet project requirements - communicating ideas through low and high fidelity mockups - designing , developing , and implementing user-friendly , professional , visually-pleasing web applications and websites job summary \r\n we are looking for a qualified front-end developer to join our it team . you will be responsible for building the ' client-side ' of our web applications . you should be able to translate our company and customer needs into functional and appealing interactive applications . if you ' re interested in creating a user-friendly environment by writing code and moving forward in your career , then this job is for you . we expect you to be a tech-savvy professional , who is curious about new digital technologies and aspires to combine usability with visual design . ultimately , you should be able to create a functional and attractive digital environment for our company , ensuring great user experience . responsibilities use markup languages like html , javascript to create user-friendly web pages optimize applications for maximum speed collaborate with back-end developers and web designers to improve usability \r\n we are looking for a wordpress developer to join our logistics company to manage 11 websites front end . candidates should have advanced abilities java script , web design , html and css . also you would need to be proficent in elemntor and wp bakery . all our sites run on wp engine . if you ' re smart , talented , enthusiastic , ambitious , and want to be part of projects run by one of the top 3pl companies in south florida we are your match ! your main responsibilities will be : develop innovative web solutions and custom sites in wordpress for the 8 divisions we service , including plug-ins and custom cms templates . create code for back-end functionality . html , javascript , and wp bakery \r\n tiktok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video . our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy . tiktok has global offices including mountain view , los angeles , new york , london , paris , berlin , dubai , mumbai , singapore , jakarta , seoul , and tokyo . we 're seeking an experienced talent acquisition partner to support hiring efforts for tiktok engineering 's core product team . you will design tailored recruiting strategies to build a multidisciplinary , data-focused technical team from scratch , and closely collaborate with the business to implement various projects in order to reach recruiting goals . the ideal candidate is someone who is driven , hungry to learn , and excited to take on new challenges . what you will do : 1. drive full-cycle recruitment for research engineers , data engineers , and data scientists . 2. deeply understand the business logic , organizational model , and hiring needs . 3. partner closely with hiring managers and other stakeholders to develop sourcing and hiring strategies using a data-driven approach . 4. identify , attract , negotiate complex compensation packages and close all level candidates , continuously deliver high-quality candidates and fulfill the hiring goal . 5. ensure a high-touch candidate experience . 6. act as the employer branding champion to cultivate hiring managers and interviewers to represent tiktok 's culture in a meaningful way . 1 . 2+ years full-cycle technical recruiting experience in-house or with an agency . 2. demonstrated success filling data or machine learning-related engineering roles . 3. strong interpersonal skills with the ability to build rapport quickly with employees and communicate effectively with all levels of the organization . 4. a results-oriented self-starter who is data-driven , resourceful , innovative , intellectually curious , and takes initiative and risks . 5. strong passion for the creator industry with the ability to embrace and adapt to changes and learn quickly in a fast-paced environment . tiktok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills , experiences , and unique perspectives . our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace . at tiktok , our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy . to achieve that goal , we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach . we believe individuals should n't be disadvantaged because of their background or identity , but instead should be considered based on their strengths and experience . we are passionate about this and hope you are too . tiktok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations during our recruitment process . if you need assistance or accommodations , please reach out to us at hrbp-hr-accommodation @ tiktok.com . \r\n company description at intuitive , we are united behind our mission : we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care . through ingenuity and intelligent technology , we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints . as a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery , we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team , committed to making a difference . for more than 25 years , we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare ' s hardest challenges and advance what is possible . intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds . we believe great ideas can come from anywhere - we strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect.we lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as theirmost authentic selves . travel requirements : none shift : day \r\n we have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world  -  come find yours . technology/it the united it team designs , develops and maintains massively scaling technology solutions that are brought to life with innovative architectures , data analytics and digital solutions . job overview and responsibilities you 'll be part of an agile team dedicated to building the enterprise machine learning infrastructure and productionalizing machine learning services . you 'll collaborate with data scientists , data engineers , it teams , and business stakeholders to participate in the technical design and development of machine learning applications and integrations with production systems . you 'll ensure that applications and data pipelines meet production standards and performance expectations . you 'll have the opportunity to continuously learn and directly apply the latest innovations and emerging best practices to keep united airlines at the cutting edge of technology . \r\n homesite insurance was founded in 1997 and was one of the first companies to enable customers to purchase home insurance directly online , during a single visit . since then , we 've continued to innovate rapidly to meet the needs of our customers and their changing expectations . one thing that 's stayed the same since our founding : our commitment to our customers , partners and employees . join us on our journey as we continue to grow into a powerful contender in the field of insurance . compensation may vary based on the job level and your geographic work location . compensation minimum : $ 76,000 compensation maximum : $ 150,000 help design and develop green field innovations in the insurance industry . the developer is responsible for prototyping , analysis , design , development , and delivery of the next generation product line along with bringing best practices to the current business . \r\n growing engineering team looking for sr. full-stack javascript engineer we are a distributed engineering team that has a great deal of respect and interest in new technologies , and are looking for candidates who do too . we work on a variety of projects and we mainly use javascript technologies like node on the back-end , and frameworks on the front-end like react , vue , or angular . we ' re more interested in your deep understanding of web development and development concepts like code architecture , maintainability , and best practices , than we are if you know a particular framework or technology we are using . while we know how to have fun , our work culture is based around professionalism , respect for each other , and highly-productive habits that do not compromise a healthy and sustainable work/life balance . as such , we ' ve described our ideal candidates as `` studio-musician developers '' instead of `` rock-star developers . '' the ability to work and communicate well with a team is critical . if you can stay focused and get work done on a reasonable schedule , that is more important to our team than the ability to soldier through long hours . while every job requires bursts of workload from time to time , we view `` crunchtime '' as a process failure , not a badge of honor . \r\n purpose of job we are seeking a talented mid-level software engineer for our san antonio , tx , phoenix az , or plano , tx facility . this person may also work in a 100 % remote work environment . provides support to the enterprise and has an opportunity to significantly impact organizational growth and effectiveness through delivering best in class technology solutions . engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include ; gathering and analyzing requirements , designing , testing , documenting and implementing software , responding to outages . identify and manage existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensure these risks are effectively identified and escalated to be measured , monitored , and controlled . job requirements about usaa usaa knows what it means to serve . we facilitate the financial security of millions of u.s. military members and their families . this outstanding mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level . usaa careers  -  world class benefits ( 31 seconds ) about usaa it our most meaningful qualification is n't technical , it 's human . here , we do n't just sit in front of a screen . we stand behind our 12 million members who rely on us every day . we are over 5,000 employees strong , a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles . we 've been a top-two computerworld 100 best places to work in it five years in a row and were recently named a top 50 employer for minority engineers & it by workforce diversity magazine . identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role . ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified , measured , monitored , and controlled . follows written risk and compliance policies and procedures for business activities . design , develop , code , and test complex technical solutions collaborating with senior engineers . may lead code/design reviews to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning at a team level . may begin to organize work and lead team to deliver features and solutions . resolves complex production issues with independence by troubleshooting complex applications and systems independently . may begin mentoring junior engineers . bachelor 's degree in related field of study , or certification from an approved technical field of study , or 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required . 4 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline ( s ) /technology ( s ) when you apply for this position , you will be required to answer some initial questions . this will take approximately 5 minutes . once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses . the above description reflects the details considered vital to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job . usaa has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive . you are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position . the salary range for this skill is : $ 82,200 - $ 158,900 * ( this does not include geographic differential it may be applied based on your work location ) employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the usaa board of directors . geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average . will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours . at usaa our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical , financial , and emotional wellness . these benefits include comprehensive medical , dental and vision plans , 401 ( k ) , pension , life insurance , parental benefits , adoption assistance , paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours , and various wellness programs . additionally , our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals . please click on the link below for more details . usaa total rewards relocation assistance is not available for this position . \r\n the network engineer will maintain and evaluate network systems and communications . the network engineer will perform highly complex systems support work and will provide exceptional customer support for staff . the network engineer will also be responsible for network infrastructure design , development , and management . ccrm is an industry-leading pioneer in fertility science , research and advancement , offering access to national network of award-winning physicians , a full suite of fertility services , innovation technology and cutting edge labs . ccrm is currently comprised of eleven locations spanning the u.s. and canada with growth planned for continued network development on a domestic and international basis . ccrm is proud to assist in building all kinds of families . essential functions : provides seamless customer service support to end users within the ccrm organization . \r\n summary posted : feb 10 , 2022 weekly hours : 40 role number:200336116 with apple being the most valuable company globally , mention you could learn a lot about cutting-edge technology . new innovative ideas have a way of becoming unique products , services , and customer experiences very quickly . every single day , people do amazing things at apple . do you want to impact billions of users by developing a unique product with a prime focus on accuracy , understandability , and performance ? bring passion and dedication to your job , and there 's no telling what you could accomplish ! as part of the enterprise network reliability team , you will be responsible for the operations , installation , configuration , integration , and automation of the network infrastructure across apple 's enterprise and development network centers across the amr region . you will support all corporate data , wireless , security , voice , and video application services , including connectivity for all businesses across apple . you will demonstrate leadership , collaboration , and interpersonal skills while working with our various business units . this role assists the is & t organization and their peers in delivering excellence , standardizing , automating , and maintaining our network infrastructure . \r\n the professionals at the national security agency ( nsa ) have one common goal : to protect our nation . the mission requires a strong offense and a steadfast defense . the offense collects , processes and disseminates intelligence information derived from foreign signals for intelligence and counterintelligence purposes . the defense prevents adversaries from gaining access to sensitive classified national security information . the national security agency is a leader in deploying high-caliber solutions , continually moving forward and contributing to industry leading technologies . we are looking for results driven individuals that strive for excellence , enjoy the challenges of a fast paced environment and the desire to make a difference . we are looking for talented networking professionals to design , develop , deploy , sustain and monitor state-of-the-art network solutions ( wan , can , lan , dcn and satellite communications networks ) that are deployed across nsa worldwide . we are hiring entry to expert networking professionals with education and/or experience in several of the following areas : - multi-vendor infrastructure platforms ( i.e. , cisco , brocade , juniper , arista ) - network encryption devices and wan accelerators - multi-vendor layer 3 routing protocols ( i.e. , bgp , osfp , eigrp , igrp , hsrp , vrrp ) - virtual private networking ( i.e. , mpls , gre , l2vpn , evpn , pseudowire , ipsec , macsec ) - data center architectures and converged networks - current networking trends , including commercial implementations of software defined networks ( sdn ) for both data center network and wan applications - load balancing and application delivery controller technologies and implementations - wan architectures ( i.e. , carrier ethernet , optical fabrics ( otn ) , sonet ) - network monitoring tools ( i.e. , netflow tracker , hp network node manager , cisco lms , cisco call manager , wireshark , and splunk ) - network modeling ( riverbed/opnet , netsim ) - network boundary ( next generation firewalls ( palo alto , cisco firepower ) , ipsec/ssl vpn concentrators ) - cross domain solutions ( safenet mdex system , owl cyber defense cross domain solutions ) - technical certifications ( e.g. , ccna , ccnp , sec+ ) network professionals are hired into positions directly supporting a technical mission office or one of the different development programs like the information technology development program ( itdp ) . this program is a three-year full-time development program . the goal of the program is to provide entry-level information technology specialists ( that is , individuals with degrees in computer science , information systems , information technology , and related degrees and experience ) the opportunity to learn the various facets of the mission . these facets include : - development , engineering and deployment of nsa mission systems - architecture , development , building , and maintenance of nsa 's fault-tolerant world-wide information technology infrastructure - high-performance computing system development for cryptanalytic mission applications - human resources , financial , and other business data warehouse storage and access - information system security , engineering , testing , and evaluation \r\n louisville water has a rich history of quality , innovation , value , and service . today , nearly one million people depend on our team to provide safe , high-quality drinking water , and we ' re proud to deliver on that promise every day . we are currently looking for a microcomputer & network analyst someone who will be responsible for the installation and configuration of software systems ; analyze and troubleshoot network hardware and software systems . provide technical assistance and training to system and network users for use of ; internet , intranet , electronic mail , and telecommunications applications . a company is only as good as its people . we are searching for skilled individuals to join our team . as an employee of louisville water , you will be joining a high-performing , diverse workforce who will contribute to the success of the organization . our employees develop fulfilling careers and make a positive impact in our community . \r\n foods people love . brands people trust . and a career that nourishes your future like no other . if you 're driven by the passion to do something meaningful that changes lives , nestlA is the place for you . nestlA usa is one of seven operating companies that make up nestlA ' s presence in the united states . we 're in 97 % of american homes , and as the leading food and beverage company , our goals are to continue to deliver quality food and beverage products , strengthen our local communities , and reduce our environmental and climate impact . we ' re determined to challenge the status quo and be better tomorrow than we are today . as individuals and teams , we embrace our entrepreneurial culture and have created a workplace where collaboration is essential , courage is rewarded , speed is expected , and agility is the norm to delight our consumers every single day . here , you will find limitless opportunities to learn and advance your career and feel empowered to succeed in the workplace and beyond . because our focus is not only on nourishing our customers , but also about enriching you . this position is not eligible for visa sponsorship . \r\n overview : we are currently seeking a sr network engineer to join our team in supporting the gtl enterprise nationwide . this role is responsible for providing planning , design , deployment , operations , monitoring and break-fix for local area networks to meet current and future needs of gtl 's data centers , nationwide business offices , nationwide customer locations and internet connectivity . role requires knowledge and or experience with premise and cloud-based networking services . this position is a remote based position within the us with a preference to be based in the central or western regions . responsibilities : physically maintain networking equipment across the viapath enterprise ( cisco , ubiquity ) . support network availability , perform installation , upgrade , and problem resolution . qualifications : \r\n sr network engineer - growing company , remote available about the company and opportunity : our client is looking to add a senior network engineer to join their growing company and team they are fantastic startup founded in 2016 that is passionate about building a strong , stable , and scalable tech foundation for their clients this is a fully remote opportunity for those in the denver metro area , no sponsorship offered flexible work hours , average of 35 a week some of what employees have to say : '' small team but actually friends , everyone here is someone you can trust and be vulnerable around '' # cfsfeb2022 \r\n about the job amvare inc. is an engineering staffing company located in chicago area . we have an immediate need for an " automation engineer " for a client of ours . this is a fulltime permanent position located in aurora , il . competitive salary with excellent benefits will be provided . our client is a rapidly growing vc funded technology company in fiber optics products for data centers . responsibilities development and deployment of automation systems researching components and sub-systems robotics sensors integration \r\n job summary : we are looking for a contracted/part-time/consulting controls engineer to help design , program , document , test , debug , and commission control systems projects for automated machinery and robotic equipment . we are seeking someone who takes initiative , eagerly contributes to overall team performance , enjoys providing technical assistance , and continually seeks to improves processes and standards . our controls team works very closely with our manufacturing team , so willingness to work in a collaborative space is crucial . pay is competitive and based on experience . this is not an introductory position . looking for someone with years of experience . job responsibilities : A design , implement , and maintain plc and hmi software programs and robotics \r\n job title : sales engineer job overview : mechatronic solutions ( maple grove , mn ) is seeking a sales engineer to expand customer base and grow sales in assigned territory and accounts . the ideal candidate has technical expertise in electro-mechanical automation & systems including robotics , motion control , conveyors , multi-axis actuator/servo , pneumatics , machine safety/vision and more . this position is critical to expand on the positive reputation of our company and continue strong growth . responsibilities : develop & maintain customer relationships full understanding of the customers goals \r\n controls engineering supervisor job title : controls engineering supervisor department : controls engineering department employee type : full time/salary plus flsa status : exempt summary : the controls engineering supervisor is responsible for the daily activities of the controls engineering department . the ces oversees the electrical design of systems , sets project design goals , advises project management on schedules and resource requirements , and forecasts the available department resources . \r\n at intellibus , we are an innovative technology consulting firm made up of a team of passionate software engineers . we are currently seeking an experienced devops architect to join our team . responsibilities : develop fully automated pipelines for java applications which build , deploy and test across multiple environments of enterprise integration service layer platform automate infrastructure provisioning , deployment , and delivery in the cloud support and troubleshoot cloud deployment and environment issues automate db schema creation and test data population assist the development team with monitoring immersed in product ' s codebase and understand how critical components work together \r\n dci job requirement for : infrastructure engineer location : hanover , mdjob description oversee developed or purchased software solutions that manage the delivery of compute resources to fielded and database systems . collaborates with system users , requirements owners , and developmental contractors to translate operational requirements into software requirements , designs , and implementations . provides oversight and qa for the entire lifecycle of supported product system datacenters . support upgrading and improving operating environments by creating remediation strategies , automating day-to-day tasks , and providing technical support for users . \r\n seeking an intermediate level web designer with strong working knowledge of graphic design fundamentals . the ideal candidate is a self-starter capable of managing multiple projects from concept to completion , and thrives in a fast-paced agency environment with tight deadlines . additional experience building digital presentations and assets preferred . working knowledge of all web design platforms is needed but webflow/ html/css/js experience is mainly preferred . responsibilities meet with clients to identify their needs outline detailed website specifications and wireframes design sample page layouts including text size and colors design graphics , animations and manipulate digital photographs \r\n overview : are you passionate about creating good user experiences on the web ? so are we ! in the past few years , esri has put a large effort into making design tools accessible and powerful for experts , stakeholders , and the public . we are dedicated to continually pushing the boundaries of gis , and you can play a key role in our mission . at esri , we develop web applications based on our arcgis api for javascript . join our team of exceptional software engineers to design and implement our next generation of web gis applications , our javascript api , and our cloud solution arcgis online . responsibilities : develop the ux/ui of a new suite of web apps conceptualize , design , implement , and test innovative user interface components on top of our javascript api requirements : recommended qualifications : the company : \r\n overview : as a lead machine learning engineer in enterprise analytics ( ea ) , you will be responsible for supporting internal data science teams as they develop and deploy complex statistical , machine learning , and deep learning models at scale in pursuit of chick-fil-a ' s overall analytics vision . your role will require an agile mindset where learning new things is second nature . an effective lead machine learning engineer at chick-fil-a must be highly collaborative and will partner closely with both internal data science and digital technology and transformation ( dtt , our information technology department ) teams . you will work to ensure that the infrastructure , tooling , and problem-specific solution architectures needed to support data science work align well with enterprise architectural and infosec standards , while also accommodating the unique needs of different modeling approaches being applied . as a member of enterprise analytics , your work will be cross-functional in nature and will touch multiple aspects of the greater chick-fil-a business where technical expertise must be balanced with an appetite to both understand and comprehend the impact that your work has on the business . you will also need to be skilled in working within multi-account cloud environments since this is where the compute infrastructure , platform , and services that you build to support machine learning model and application deployment will live . responsibilities : minimum qualifications : preferred qualifications : minimum years of experience : 3 travel requirements : 20 % required level of education : bachelor 's degree preferred level of education : masters degree major/concentration : quantitative or technical degree program minimum gpa ( 4.0 scale ) : 3.2 \r\n artificial intelligence , machine learning ( ai / ml ) engineer our client is seeking a senior database engineer for a fully remote contract position . this is a long term role with a well established company . minimum qualifications : you have 5+ years ' experience working on applications of machine learning with strong to expert ability in python as a primary language critical skills : experience building automated processes that are supportable , monitored , and enterprise-scale extensive experience building chatbots , voicebots and nlp processing \r\n we are seeking a research scientist/senior research scientist to join immunome 's antibody engineering group . this group supports mission critical activities in both early phase research , as well as lead discovery and optimization . therefore , the successful candidate will have opportunities to make meaningful contributions to programs at all levels of the research spectrum . in addition to optimization and development of lead molecules , the rs/srs will be expected to drive innovation / efficiency through evaluation and incorporation of new technologies . the ideal candidate will have 2+ years of antibody engineering and protein production experience in industry setting . prior experience with immunoglobulin sequence analysis , antibody-based assay development and protein purification is a plus . key responsibilities : perform a comprehensive immunoglobulin sequence analysis . \r\n connecting point 2401 17thstreet greeley , co 80634 come join our team ! we are dedicated , hard-working and we have fun . most importantly , we are committed to be a best-in-class managed services provider with an environment of success and fanatical customer service ! job description : level 3 network & support engineer location : northern colorado and southern wyoming with main office in greeley , co \r\n lead infrastructure engineer overview kalani consulting , inc. ( kci ) is seeking a capable and experienced lead infrastructure engineer to join our team in support of the department of homeland security . the ideal candidate will provide expert technical leadership to manage , monitor , and ensure the highest level of availability of all operational systems and infrastructure within a large data warehouse . responsibilities lead the infrastructure team in the support of the databases , etl , bi layer , sas , and os . \r\n job posting end date : april 20 unum is a company of people serving people . as one of the world 's leading employee benefits providers and a fortune 500 company , unum 's financial protection benefits help protect more than 36 million working people and their families from the financial impact of illness or injury . unum 's three distinct , but similarly focused us businesses  -  unum us , colonial life , and starmount life  -  are each a market leader in making disability , life , accident , critical illness , dental , and vision insurance accessible in the workplace . headquartered in chattanooga , tennessee , unum also has significant us operations in portland , maine , - and over 35 field offices nationwide . colonial life is headquartered in columbia , south carolina with over 40 field offices nationwide . starmount life is based in baton rouge , louisiana , and is the dental and vision center of excellence for unum in the us . general summary this position for a developing data scientist who is excited to transform data into actionable insights and impact the business through his/her work . the role requires increasing technical expertise in the fields of computer programming , applied statistics and data manipulation ; and relies on developing business knowledge . the individual will participate in project work primarily within the functional area , with direction and review by manager . the individual is expected to continuously increase business knowledge and take initiative in identifying and executing analytical approaches to support assigned projects . position will interface with actuaries on pricing , reserving , and risk . unum \r\n legacy home and ryan studio are wholesale manufacturers of luxury home furnishings including bedding , sheeting , draperies , and decorative pillows and are seeking an experienced marketing coordinator . qualified candidates will be creative self starters will the ability to effectively manage multiple ongoing projects in a fast paced environment . responsibilities will include : creation and maintenance of sales materials including sampling , price lists and marketing collateral website updates and maintenance e-mail newsletters and social media \r\n working out of our chevy chase , md/washington dc office , geico 's data science team uses predictive analytics and innovative machine learning models to create value from data . we solve problems across geico , from marketing to claims and underwriting , and are responsible for developing and driving strategic modeling initiatives . we see our projects through the entire data science lifecycle , from problem definition to data exploration , data munging , modeling , analysis , and deployment into production systems . we maintain a close partnership with it to ensure that our models can be deployed quickly and monitored in a flexible deployment framework . as a principal data scientist , you will work with a talented and diverse team of data scientists with responsibility to : coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles , acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative , high-quality data solutions with measurable business value \r\n job summary the lead scientist supports a departmental group of personnel ranging from qc technicians to scientists . direct supervision of typically 2-3 analysts is part of the learning aspect of this position . this is assigned by qc manager , when appropriate , and under manager ' s guidance . this position is also designed to be a qt ( qualified trainer ) to perform training to the department and is designed to have back-up supervisory responsibilities when the regular supervisor is on vacation or absent . reports to qc chemistry manager duties are of routine nature following established standard operating procedures . problem recognition ability is needed . non-critical functions , and to a lesser degree some critical functions , utilize independent action and decision making with follow-up reporting to management . \r\n secure our nation , ignite your future become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an industry leading organization , where our employees come first . at mantech international corporation , you ' ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement . currently , mantech is seeking a motivated , career and customer-oriented system engineer to join our team in the columbia , md . responsibilities include , but are not limited to : leadership responsibilities within the team participate in planning meetings ( large scale information system is defined as having at least one of the following characteristics : over 1,000 users ; over 100 sensors ; over 1000 entities in the information model as represented by an entity relationship diagram or uml ; over 20 distinct physical subsystems . ) \r\n automation engineer techlab , inc. develops , manufactures , and distributes medical diagnostic tests . this company places emphasis on science and collaboration with universities . we are looking to add a automation engineer to our team . an employee in this position can expect to perform the following duties : project and time management recommending , designing , simulating , programming , and operational testing of electrical or mechanical automation maintain , repair and troubleshooting of automation system controls , including but not limited to : motors , drives , plc , user interfaces and robotic systems \r\n 