homesite insurance was founded in 1997 and was one of the first companies to enable customers to purchase home insurance directly online , during a single visit . since then , we 've continued to innovate rapidly to meet the needs of our customers and their changing expectations . one thing that 's stayed the same since our founding : our commitment to our customers , partners and employees . join us on our journey as we continue to grow into a powerful contender in the field of insurance . compensation may vary based on the job level and your geographic work location . compensation minimum : $ 76,000 compensation maximum : $ 150,000 help design and develop green field innovations in the insurance industry . the developer is responsible for prototyping , analysis , design , development , and delivery of the next generation product line along with bringing best practices to the current business . \r\n responsible for helping to design , install , configure , maintain and document network systems across the enterprise . this includes all local , wireless , wide area and internet network connections , associated software and communication links . this person will also troubleshoot complex network performance issues , as well as analyze network traffic and provide capacity planning solutions . coordination with internet service providers to install and configure new connections . use of snmp network management software and other diagnostic tools to insure reliable network operation . trouble ticket prioritization and resolution , all internet protocol ( ip ) address allocation and tracking , design and implementation of network growth plan for global tcp/ip internet network , including : allocation of bandwidth based on projected usage , recommendation of network hardware , software and connectivity to accommodate traffic growth and load balancing and redundancy plans using dynamic routing . key responsibilities : 1. provides network administration , such as : managing lans , wans , routes , vlans , vpns , wlans , voip , firewalls , web content filtering , secure e-mail appliances , and emerging technologies . able to offer suggestions in network design and architecture . 2. provide support to network infrastructure initiatives in the areas of preventative maintenance , configuration back-ups , capacity planning , network redundancy , and disaster recovery . 3. monitor network infrastructure through network monitoring software , wireless lan controllers , and other software tools . able to offer suggestions in monitoring strategy and assists with implementing monitoring strategy . 4. maintains and creates network documentation both written and network diagrams . 5. coordinates with suppliers and other groups in designing , planning and installing new facilities , or reconfigurations and upgrades to existing enterprise facilities . 6. maintain and support our production environments through moves , adds , and changes . also , provides troubleshooting skills in this area . 7. assist with the maintenance of security in the network architecture by following piedmont healthcare standard policies and procedures pertaining to this area . 8. evening and weekend on-call support via remote assistance and possible onsite support . occasional travel in the atlanta area may be required ; you must be willing to travel and possess a valid driver's license . 9. keep current on new and innovative computing technologies . 10. promotes corporate integrity through compliance with the piedmont healthcare corporate compliance program . 11. performs other duties as assigned . 12. completes tasks given to accomplish group goal , functions as team member . is polite , fair , and tactful when working with others , and responds in a timely manner . \r\n description job description : at leidos , everything we do is built on our commitment to do the right thing for our customers , our employees , and our communities . learn more about the values and culture that are the foundations of our business . our mission is to make the world safer , healthier , and more efficient through information technology , engineering , and science . we offer a robust benefits package including competitive salaries ; comprehensive medical , dental and vision coverage ; flexible work schedule to allow for life/work balance ; tuition reimbursement and more . leidos is seeking a network engineer to support post production software support ( ppss ) and post deployment software support ( pdss ) engineering and technical services to the cecom software engineering center mission command division based in aberdeen md with operations located at both aberdeen proving ground , md and ft. sill/lawton , ok. this position is located in lawton , ok/ft . sill . \r\n job summary : responsible for the universal parks and resorts global upt wired and wireless network . uses knowledge of lan/wan systems to design , implement , and support internal and external networks . tests and evaluates network systems to eliminate problems and make improvements . identify capacity and performance issues to ensure uninterrupted service . provide network expertise for project build-out . assist in the operational , strategic planning , and business continuity / disaster recovery solution . work with other business units supporting special events . work on park network infrastructure . provide day-to-day support , proactive maintenance , and perform system troubleshooting . major responsibilities : leads and assists with special projects from start to completion . work with all project teams to understand requirements , formulate networking solution , implement , and support solution . responsible for successful network implementation supporting the respective projects deliverable . test and develop new technology in accordance to upr-it mission statement and business goals . assist in the operational , strategic planning , and business continuity / disaster recovery solution . \r\n about ancera ancera 's true north is delivering new science to improve agricultural productivity . ancera is dedicated to improving the way we feed the world . we were founded with the discovery of a novel way of quickly identifying bacterial threats in the food supply , and built on that vision to give farmers , veterinarians , quality managers and corporate executives new tools to improve all phases of their operations , from farm to market . we believe that knowledge is power , and that by providing agriculturists with new ways to gather , analyze and distribute relevant knowledge of all aspects of their operations , from fertilization to shipment , ancera can enable better decision making through data science designed to be comprehensible , relevant , and therefore actionable . \r\n metalcraft of mayville metalcraft of mayville is an equal opportunity employer : minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity robotics engineer ( west bend ) us-wi-west bend job id : 2022-2250 type : regular full-time # of openings : 1 category : engineering metalcraft of mayville , inc \r\n vertex it service is looking for a talented sr. devops engineer . this role will focus on the engineering , operations , deployment , troubleshooting , organization , and technical communication of a new infrastructure rollout . the ideal candidate should have solid understanding of media , entertainment , interactive television , social media , or multiplayer gaming industries . this position will deliver numerous high-profile milestones as required by the business under supervision and support including : maintaining and managing infrastructure/services , rolling out new encode solutions , delivering live streams at the highest reliability and confidence , as well as working to approve efficiency for existing workflows . job responsibilities : to develop embedded software solutions in a continuous integration/continuous development environment ( devops ) in a open source tool chain environment \r\n travel required : none public trust : naci ( t1 ) requisition type : regular this role supports the mission of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases ( niaid ) . as a sr. cloud infrastructure engineer you will work closely with other innovative and savvy people to design , build , and manage infrastructure solutions in aws . you ' ll help streamline our operations and processes , and further the adoption of devops best practices . you should have a deep knowledge and experience of aws services and automation technologies ( terraform , ci/cd , and git ) . in this role , a typical day will include the following : \r\n to qualify for this role , you should have the following experience : knowledge/experience in administration and troubleshooting for two ( 2 ) or more of the following : devops/deployment , orchestration management , and/or configuration management knowledge/experience in continuous integration technology ( e.g . chef , puppet , docker , jenkins , ansible , or related tools ) . bachelor 's degree in information science/information technology , data science , computer science , engineering , mathematics , physics , or a related field with 1+ year of experience or equivalent experience in a technical position job summary about us amazon is now offering flexibility to choose among 3 different working models , in-office , hybrid , and virtual . employees will be required to reside within a commutable distance of the office they are assigned to . they are assigned to but have the flexibility to regularly work from home as well as from the office . employees on a hybrid work pattern will be expected to attend their assigned office a minimum of one day per week . these employees will follow agile seating when in office . office based on their time zone , and are not required to attend an office on a regular basis . if needed , virtual employees may go into an office for critical trainings , meetings and team- building events . these employees will follow agile seating when in office . amazon web services is the market leader and technology forerunner in the cloud business . as a member of the aws support team you will be at the forefront of this transformational technology , assisting a global list of companies and developers that are taking advantage of a growing set of services and features to run their mission-critical applications . as a cloud support engineer , you will act as the ' cloud ambassador ' across all the cloud products , arming our customers with required tools & tactics to get the most out of their product and support investment . would you like to use the latest cloud computing technologies ? do you have an interest in helping customers understand application architectures and integration approaches ? are you familiar with best practices for applications , servers and networks ? do you want to be part of a customer facing technology team helping to ensure the success of amazon web services ( aws ) as a leading technology organization ? if you fit the description , you might be the person we are looking for ! we are a group of smart people , passionate about cloud computing , and believe that world class support is critical to customer success . what can you expect from a life at aws ? every day will bring new and exciting challenges on the job while you : why aws support ? we hire smart people who are keen to build a career with aws , so we are more interested in the areas that you do know instead of those you haven ' t been exposed to yet . the deployment role supports our services that focus on devops technologies , including automation , continuous integration and configuration management . the minimum pay range for this position in colorado is $ 67,400 to $ 118,000 ; however , base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge , skills , and experience . amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace . amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race , national origin , gender , gender identity , sexual orientation , protected veteran status , disability , age , or other legally protected status . for individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation , please visit https : //www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . \r\n zethcon corporation is a growing logistics software company providing technology and services to customers in the supply chain field . founded in 1970 and family-owned ; our core business has focused on the development of technology solutions to help our customers grow . the development of our proprietary logistics system has enabled us to expand and scale our business at a rapid pace . we are currently looking for a devops engineer with experience in linux and automation . you will be part of a devops team that manages code , develops new solutions for delivering and upgrading custom software using tools like jenkins , ansible and node.js . troubleshoot and provide technical support to custom environments in linux and windows . some of the software/systems you should be familiar with include the following : linux , shell scripting , node.js , npm , ansible , jenkins , git , oracle and more . you will also be involved in scheduled deployments and troubleshooting updates that are made to custom environments . if you like problem solving , software development and working in the chicagoland suburbs you will love working at zethcon . this position is temporarily remote due to covid-19 , but typically this is not a remote position and you must be local to the chicago area . \r\n remote work must have a minimum of 2 years working experience modeling within python . responsibilities include development and monitoring of complex models and tools that are used to drive business decisions for our organization . principal duties and responsibilities develop statistical models or nonlinear machine learning techniques for usage in : underwriting , existing customer management , marketing campaigns , and collections conduct the implementation of scorecards create weekly and monthly reports to monitor model performance \r\n responsibilities : gathers requirements and program model development under direction of other data scientists to inform problem formulation . participates in model building . utilizes methods particularly in the areas of modeling , artificial intelligence ( ai ) , machine learning ( ml ) , deep learning ( dl ) , natural language processing ( nlp ) and experience designing/implementing solutions . provides insight and recommendations to solve business problem and help inform business decisions . documents best practices and solution frameworks . replicates and scales solutions to business units with common/similar business needs . uses expertise in defining ( with internal clients ) the business challenge that needs to be solved , conducting the analysis/modeling/experiment and then providing the " answer " in a clear and business-friendly manner for our clients to take actionable steps . \r\n description : the prokell agency is looking to bring a web/graphic designer onto our fast growing team ! this role will report to the director of digital marketing and will be responsible for the overall support and success of semi-custom wordpress websites . in addition , this person will work in collaboration with the digital marketing team to create relevant marketing content for our client 's digital advertising efforts as well as for their social media pages . roles & responsibilities : design and manage semi-custom wordpress websites for our clients . design and create digital ads and content for our client 's organic social media and digital advertising efforts . enjoys communicating and collaborating with clients , as needed . \r\n overview : build the next generation of arcgis enterprise , a suite of products delivering state-of-the-art mapping and analytics capability to thousands of customers and millions of users worldwide . our team builds cutting-edge , highly-scalable , and reliable distributed software for on-premises and the cloud to make maps , geographic information , and analyses available on any device , anywhere , at any time . our javascript developers provide a strong technical voice in the product development process and use the best tools available to design and develop fantastic user experiences and ui . as a javascript developer , you will work with our cross-functional global team of product engineers , software engineers , designers , product managers , and release engineers . you will be actively involved in user experience design , its development , and its integration into the arcgis product . if you are passionate about user experience and building great front-end applications with an eye for design , join us ! responsibilities : requirements : recommended qualifications : the company : \r\n meta ' s reality labs research group ( rlr ) is the world 's leading ar/vr research lab , exploring and inventing the future of computing . rlr is tasked with delivering discontinuous technological leaps , both near and long term , that have the potential to reshape the way humans interact with each other and with the digital world . this role requires the ability to look 5-10 years into the future to see what needs to happen and what could be possible given high-risk , high-reward research , to do the research to see if those goals truly are possible and valuable , and then to execute to prototype , incubate , and transfer the results into products that can change the world . the focus of our team is computer graphics research and efficient synthesis of high quality images for ar/vr head mounted displays . our current research areas include custom graphics hardware , rendering algorithms for ar/vr , ray casting , machine learning based image synthesis , and differentiable and inverse rendering . as the director of graphics for rlr you will have the very rare opportunity to enable , support , inspire , and lead a diverse team of the world 's leading graphics experts to develop a novel graphics pipeline delivering on the mission of defining the future of visual computing . facebook 's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together . through our family of apps and services , we 're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world , gives them ways to share what matters most to them , and helps bring people closer together . whether we 're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach , people at facebook are builders at heart . our global teams are constantly iterating , solving problems , and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways . together , we can help people build stronger communities - we 're just getting started . facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer . we do not discriminate based upon race , religion , color , national origin , sex ( including pregnancy , childbirth , or related medical conditions ) , sexual orientation , gender , gender identity , gender expression , transgender status , sexual stereotypes , age , status as a protected veteran , status as an individual with a disability , or other applicable legally protected characteristics . we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories , consistent with applicable federal , state and local law.facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process . if you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability , please let us know at accommodations-ext @ fb.com . \r\n company description at intuitive , we are united behind our mission : we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care . through ingenuity and intelligent technology , we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints . as a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery , we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team , committed to making a difference . for more than 25 years , we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare ' s hardest challenges and advance what is possible . intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds . we believe great ideas can come from anywhere - we strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect.we lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as theirmost authentic selves . travel requirements : none shift : day \r\n project admission is a tech platform that works directly with the live event industry to expand ticket distribution . our products leverage brands , fans , influencers , and aggregate data sources to unlock new audiences by allowing them to buy and sell authentic tickets through individually branded storefronts . we capture the entire ticket lifecycle , allowing us to collect more revenue and more data through identity-based ticketing . though still a young company , we are actively partnering and working with a number of key players in the music and sports industries . our company our biggest investment is in people like you ! the more voices we have represented and amplified in our business , the more we will all thrive , contribute , and be forward-thinking ! so bring us your personal experience , your perspectives , and your background . it ' s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way people attend live events . \r\n as the fastest growing employer of emerging tech talent across the u.s , revature looks to hire over 300 innovative entry level computer programmers in the next 4 weeks . one day someone is going to ask you where you got your startathis is it ! with a wide range of fortune 500 enterprises , government organizations and top systems integrators as our clients , we not only provide you with the skills needed to succeed through an employer-paid training program but will also give you the opportunity to put those skills to use , on projects that matter . what we are looking for college degree ( associates or bachelors ) must be authorized to work in the us \r\n summary posted : oct 22 , 2021 weekly hours : 40 role number:200303605 imagine what you could do here . the people here at apple don ' t just build products  -  we craft the kind of wonder that ' s revolutionized entire industries . it ' s the diversity of those people and their ideas that supports the innovation that runs through everything we do , from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts . join apple , and help us leave the world better than we found it . data services ( isds ) organization is looking for passionate , self-motivated and hard-working engineers to be part of a diverse , fast paced and high-energy team . we are seeking backend database engineers to build high quality , scalable and resilient systems that power our platforms . you will be responsible for developing some of the key components of our platforms , and collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements . you will be contributing to key and innovative technology which supports major apple applications , with all the scalability and high-availability requirements that entails . \r\n united states position description do you love commercial trucks and all things transportation ? does the thought of creating new product features for autonomous and electric battery vehicles excite you ? would you thrive in an environment working with some of the best engineers in the business to develop new , advanced and sustainable solutions for volvo & mack trucks ? are you ready to apply your classroom skill set in a real world application ? if so , volvo group trucks technology is seeking multiple entry level engineers to join our teams at our greensboro , nc and hagerstown , md locations ! you are a motivated and passionate engineer who is excited to work in the transportation industry with various systems involved in the research , design and manufacturing of class 8 heavy duty trucks . you thrive when working in cross-functional teams supporting engineering solutions . developing sustainable solutions for the future of the transportation industry excites you ! requirements : \r\n general micro systems east inc. has been an innovator in embedded system technology encompassing all phases of the design and manufacture of single board computers and systems . gms east products are used around the globe in diverse industries such as aerospace , defense , medical instrumentation , industrial control , robotics , telecommunications , and semiconductor manufacturing . with an unparalleled commitment to modern technology , gms east has earned the highest level of respect from our customers , the media and even the competition . gms east has been recognized by the media for our innovation and we have received more 'product of the year ' awards than all of our competitors combined . we are proud of our professional staff , with members that have been called `` the most dedicated to its customers and vendors in the industry . '' hardware engineer - electrical engineer ( position located in jensen beach , fl ) \r\n become a part of the nike , inc. team nike , inc. does more than outfit the world ' s best athletes . it is a place to explore potential , obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be . the company looks for people who can grow , think , dream and create . its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination . the brand seeks achievers , leaders and visionaries . at nike , inc. it ' s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game . nike analytics encompasses multiple teams across the enterprise . as a nike data science engineer you will be responsible for assessing and analyzing data , building predictive models and delivering valuable insights to key stakeholders across the business . we want to make every nike decision better because of data ! data science interns will have the opportunity to work on one of the teams described below . commercial analytics : preferred qualifications : \r\n your job the role of data science at indeed is to follow the data . we log , analyze , visualize , and model terabytes of job search data . our data scientists build and implement machine learning models to make timely decisions . each of us is a mixture of a statistician , scientist , machine learning expert , and engineer . we have a passion for building and improving internet-scale products . we seek to understand human behavior via careful experimentation and analysis , to `` help people get jobs '' . you understand that the best managers serve their teams by removing roadblocks and giving individual contributors autonomy and ownership . you have high standards and will take pride in indeed like we do as well as push us to be better . you have delivered challenging technical solutions at scale . you have led data science or engineering teams , and earned the respect of talented practitioners . you are equally happy talking about deep learning and statistical inference , as you are brainstorming about practical experimental design and technology career development . you love being in the mix technically while providing leadership to your teams . responsibilities : \r\n company summary : a leading medical malpractice insurance firm in the us with over a billion dollars in written premium is looking to hire a data scientist . the firm is looking to add someone who is passionate about data and applying the latest machine learning technology to solve business problems . this role is fully remote and is an urgent hire ! the data scientist will be responsible for : developing and implementing machine learning technologies identify and propose new technologies and tools that could be of benefit leading proactive communication to all departments mentor junior level data scientists the data scientist must have the following qualifications : \r\n requisition id : r10028270 category : research and sciences location : unknown city - md , united states of america citizenship required : united states citizenship clearance type : secret telecommute : yes- may consider full time teleworking for this position shift : 1st shift ( united states of america ) travel required : yes , 10 % of the time positions available : 1 at northrop grumman , our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people 's lives around the world today , and for generations to come . our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation 's history - from the first flight across the atlantic ocean , to stealth bombers , to landing on the moon . we look for people who have bold new ideas , courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future , and have fun along the way . our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity , cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work  -  and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible . our employees are not only part of history , they 're making history . \r\n we are a nationwide web design company buildng dozens of websites every week . we are looking for an website designer and content writer with some experience on the wix platform , or with wordpress website development . good writing ability is very important . after a 1-day paid orientation on how our site building system works , you can choose to be assigned as many projects as you like . our projects typically take 4 to 8 hours to complete and pay either $ 150 ( for a `` single '' ) or $ 300 ( for a `` double , '' which simply has more keywords ) . the work is performed at your own pace , and all the images/videos/software you will need are provided . our freelance developers typically finish 2 to 7 projects per week . please submit a resume and we will call you back for an interview right away . \r\n summary posted : dec 28 , 2021 weekly hours : 40 role number:200325445 imagine what you could do here . at apple , excellent ideas have a way of becoming phenomenal products , services , and customer experiences very quickly . bring passion and dedication to your job and there ' s no telling what you could accomplish ! apple is seeking a frontend software engineer to join our global network services retail & enterprise software development team . this role involves building scalable web applications that aid in deploying , monitoring and securing the network infrastructure in our retail stores and corporate offices globally . this is an extraordinary opportunity to join a small , collaborative team , build expertise through the entire software lifecycle , and express your creativity ! \r\n what you will do participate in the product development process with an open and curious team work cross-collaboratively with product managers and designers to improve and determine product scope and design develop modern apis that integrate with app clients and server backends manage individual project priorities , deadlines , and deliverables design , develop , test , deploy , maintain , and enhance software solutions contribute to our evolving conversational ai platform what you bring \r\n autonomous vehicle software engineer 290182 who we are textron systems is part of textron , a $ 14 billion , multi-industry company employing 35,000 talented makers , thinkers , creators and doers worldwide . we make things that fly , hover , zoom and launch . things that move people . protect soldiers . power industries . we serve customers in industries spanning aerospace and defense , specialized vehicles , turf care and fuel systems . this role is in textron system ' s applied technologies & advanced programs business area . visit textronsystems.com & lycoming.com to read more about who we are and the products we make ! textron systems is looking for experienced engineers to deliver disruptive autonomous system technologies which enhance the mission capabilities of our customers . we leverage diversity of thought to develop the best solutions for these critical missions . our engineers are involved in the entire life cycle of our products , from conceptual design through testing and delivery . your day may include designing , modeling and simulation , prototyping , integration , and field testing autonomous air , land , and sea-borne robotic vehicles and their subsystems . check out our exciting platforms here ! we want engineers who can apply new technologies such as machine vision and machine learning to multi-domain automation tasks and communicate their approaches to a wide audience . \r\n the test sw engineer - machine learning develops software used in mass production environments to calibrate , measure , and interface custom test fixtures and processes used in contract manufacturer sites to build cutting edge ar/vr products . you will be involved from initial concept to execution and maintenance of specialized ar/vr specific applications that demand high reliability . you will be responsible for developing/integrating test algorithms , interfacing with hardware using vendor and internal apis , building distributed and resilient algorithms to process data , and interfacing with logging , databases , and restful services . for this particular position , you will first focus on developing strategy and solution for an ai/machine learning/deep learning based mfg inspection system that correlates mfg test data with images . the ideal candidate is a self-driven individual working in a cross-functional team environment and will be responsible for planning the design , development , and implementation of factory test software . you will enforce manufacturability , testability and ensure cost-effective designs are implemented for testing and automation systems , software , and equipment . this position will have responsibilities for npi test development and sustaining support of production released test and automation systems . you must be responsive , flexible and able to succeed within an open collaborative peer environment . we are looking for someone with a productive mindset who can apply their expertise to solve problems in creative , insightful ways . facebook 's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together . through our family of apps and services , we 're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world , gives them ways to share what matters most to them , and helps bring people closer together . whether we 're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach , people at facebook are builders at heart . our global teams are constantly iterating , solving problems , and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways . together , we can help people build stronger communities - we 're just getting started . facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer . we do not discriminate based upon race , religion , color , national origin , sex ( including pregnancy , childbirth , or related medical conditions ) , sexual orientation , gender , gender identity , gender expression , transgender status , sexual stereotypes , age , status as a protected veteran , status as an individual with a disability , or other applicable legally protected characteristics . we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories , consistent with applicable federal , state and local law.facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process . if you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability , please let us know at accommodations-ext @ fb.com . \r\n who are we ? qinetiq inc. is a leading innovator with over 25 years of experience rapidly developing advanced c5isr sensor solutions and is a renowned world leader in robotics and autonomy . the combined qinetiq u.s. business unit brings capabilities across the full lifecycle of technology development from applied research and development to rapid prototyping , testing , fielding , and sustainment . our expertise with unmanned platforms , broad sensing modalities , and cross-domain interoperability ensures that we deliver integrated solutions for warfighter dominance in all phases of combat . we are a world-class team of professionals who deliver next generation technology and products in robotic and autonomous platforms and systems , ground systems , soldier systems , maritime systems , airborne sensors and payloads , processing and exploitation capabilities , and integrated c2 solutions . much of our work contributes to innovative research in ields such as sensor science , signal processing , data fusion , artiicial intelligence ( ai ) , machine learning ( ml ) , and augmented reality ( ar ) . \r\n about true digital surgeryA with a nearly two-decade legacy of creating cutting-edge medical devices , true digital surgeryA is advancing its innovative 3d surgery digital platform through the integration of optics and robotics with augmented reality and machine learning that result in life-extending outcomes for both surgeons and patients . summary the staff quality / regulatory engineer will have sufficient quality and regulatory experience to have the ability to be utilized in a variety of quality , regulatory , and engineering functions . ultimately , this role will be responsible for delivering high quality products to our customers and patients . the staff quality / regulatory engineer should also be competent / familiar with highly regulated medical device quality processes and interpreting the impact of design changes on regulatory adherence . the staff qa/ra engineer will need to work collaboratively with external partners , regulatory authorities , outside labs , critical and/or strategic suppliers and contract manufacturers ( cms ) as well as internal stakeholders such as program management , engineering , operations , purchasing , customer service and the true digital surgery senior management team . \r\n are you a talented and passionate engineer ? do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life ? are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques ? are you a team player and enjoy collaboration , but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload ? do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice , effort and a good attitude ? if so , we want to speak with you . the data scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting , allocating , delivering , and reporting of advertising on the internet , tv , and connected devices . the successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical , optimization , machine-learning , software engineering , and programming skills to solve challenging problems . \r\n company description a little about us : dungarvin is a national organization of privately owned companies that provide high quality , community-based supports to people with intellectual and developmental disabilities , people who are faced with mental health , behavioral or significant medical challenges , and to children and their families . because each individual we support is unique , we strive to provide services that are tailored to each person 's own hopes , dreams , goals and needs . under the support of medicaid and community support waivers dungarvin is proud to create custom solutions to each person served . fun fact : our founders , tim and diane madden opened the first dungarvin program , an icf/mr serving 15 people , in st. paul , minnesota , in march 1976 ; a mere 4 months after the conception of its idea . for the next 3 years tim and diane slept on a mattress on the floor and worked as the first live-in support staff for that program ! through the success of that program dungarvin has grown to employ approximately 4,233 people who currently provide supports to over 4,712 individuals across 14 states with their continued leadership \r\n job description : are you an experienced it professional looking for your next opportunity to make a difference ? if so , we want you to apply to join the oregon medical group team as a senior network engineer , to assist us in fulfilling our vision of 'together , we help you live your healthiest life . ' purpose of position : the senior network engineer ( sne ) is responsible for activities related to the design , installation , management , and maintenance of the enterprise-wide lan , wan , wireless and network security infrastructure . the sne will maintain network availability , reliability and performance that conform to all service level agreements . the sne provides support for all windows and linux environments including resolving systems related issues escalated from the service desk . this position will establish enterprise data network standards , analyze and resolve complex network related problems , and analyze and test all elements of the network infrastructure . the sne will design and implement network solutions based on business requirements . this position requires technical knowledge and experience in monitoring , security , backup , recovery , and maintaining an enterprise datacenter . analyzes trends and assists in design and development of network plans . interfaces with vendors to learn about new data communications technology and system upgrades . \r\n network engineer corporate headquarters 12575 uline drive , pleasant prairie , wi 53158 bring your cisco network and data center experience to a talented team that ' s revolutionizing our infrastructure with next-gen , software-defined technologies . at uline , develop real solutions and your career . better together than apart . this position is on-site , and we are looking for good people who share our passion . uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace . all new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening . # li-sr1 # corp \r\n the staff engineer will play a pivotal role in building and operationalizing the enterprise data and analytics initiatives following industry standard practices and tools . this resource will be responsible for building , managing and optimizing data pipelines and automating production deployments . this is a technical leadership role working closely with business and it partners to solve business problems using data engineering and analytics . principal responsibilities : designs and develops code and data pipelines to ingest from relational databases ( oracle , sql server , db2 , aurora ) , file shares , and web services . streaming ingestion with kinesis streams , kinesis firehose , kinesis analytics and kafka ( msk ) republic services is an equal opportunity employer . all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race , color , religion , gender , sexual orientation , gender identity or expression , national origin , age , disability , protected veteran status , genetic information , or any other characteristic protected by applicable law . the statements used herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by an employee in this position , and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities , duties and skills required by an incumbent so classified . furthermore , they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the company . \r\n machine learning engineer job title : machine learning engineer ( remote | $ 225k + $ 200k bonus ) job location : remote job salary : up to $ 425k total compensation requirements : python , time series data , machine learning , biomechanical data , biomechanical sensors , experimental design , time-series analysis , dimensionality reduction , bayesian network , gaussian process regression , optimal experiment design status : hiring during covid-19 top reasons to work with us leader in health-tech space . benefits ( pto ) all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race , color , religion , sex , national origin , disability , protected veteran status , or any other characteristic protected by law .  -  in compliance with federal law , all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united states and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire . \r\n field sales engineer absolute machine tools , inc. , a leading and growing national importer/distributor of cnc machine tools and wire edm machines is currently searching for a sales engineer . top compensation ( with no ceiling on earnings ) , benefits , and company car provided . this position requires successful sales management with the demonstrated ability to rapidly grow sales levels . manufacturing and machine tool knowledge are a plus . the ideal candidate must be self-motivated and willing to learn . the sales engineer ' s primary focus will be to prospect and develop new accounts and new business at existing accounts . the candidate must be able to build relationships with a wide range of customers from small to fortune 500 companies . the successful candidate will exhibit strong communication and computer skills , be able to multi-task and prioritize their workload , have strong negotiating skills , be a team player , and work with minimal supervision . \r\n about the role : as a software engineer , you will provide product teams ' software development and product delivery support for the full product stack . in this role , you will be responsible for product delivery and product lifecycle with direction from the product owner , the solution owner and technical guidance from solution architects . what you 'll get to do : support software development by providing engineering patterns to deliver the optimal product ; including communicating design patterns . mentor other engineers . provide overall technical leadership to smaller working teams as needed . \r\n the role self-motivated individual responsible for the complete life cycle of new software products along with modifications to existing software . you will be involved in all aspects of a project including pre-studies , requirement engineering , design , implementation , testing , documentation , training and support . duties and responsibilities include , but are not limited to : participate in customer visits to gather requirements and assist with project definition and scope production and review of design proposals and functional specifications \r\n sierra7 , inc. is seeking angular developers to join a team providing full devops lifecycle support and services to the department of veterans affairs ( va ) . this program will consolidate , reengineer , and sustain a suite of veteran-facing processes . the qualified candidate will have experience in analyzing customer needs and developing overall concept and design objectives . the candidate must be able to create logical and functional software code in a variety of languages and have experience in understanding and articulating the benefits and risks associated with different coding languages in different functional environments . the developer must have experience reacting to problems and correcting the program , as necessary . the developer will create software in utilizing multiple programming languages . the developer must be familiar with scaled agile development and have experience working in a behavior driven and test-driven development environment . the candidate will follow established quality control standards and reviews for software development , be proactive with risk identification and mitigation , and must have experience debugging and correcting software errors . \r\n unit description : get behind the magic ! this account will fall under the sodexomagic portfolio of business . use your passion for service to create a positive impact and make a difference in the communities we serve ! sodexomagic is a joint sodexo/magic johnson venture which promises to empower the communities we serve by offering best-in-class food & facilities management solutions , which create a positive impact and make a difference in the lives of our clients and customers . sodexomagic offers our dedicated service via the following sodexo segments : corporate services , hospitals , k-12 schools , universities . sodexomagic is seeking an experienced marketing specialist 2 for an hbcu in the dover , delaware area . this account well be considered a showcase account for sodexo , with exciting plans for many new innovations coming to campus . if you have experience with successfully presenting to c-suite level leadership , developing marketing strategies , managing social media platforms and executing new concepts this position will be the perfect high-profile opportunity ! position summary : qualifications & requirements : \r\n ke'aki technologies , llc is looking for a qualified data scientist to support the air force medical service ( afms ) in san antonio , tx . responsibilities : provide analytical tools and resources to assess the health of the military health system ( mhs ) beneficiary population . provide technical expertise in the areas of prevention , managed care , medical readiness issues , health promotion , clinical safety and quality , and other health service-related issues in order to support the dha . perform clinical and business analytical studies using accepted data science techniques to provide insight into areas of trending/improvement for prevention , managed care , medical readiness issues , health promotion , clinical safety and quality , and other health service-related issues . \r\n job title technical services engineer-tier ii job description looking for a new start ? think bigger . think axis ! want to join a team that cultivates passion and drives innovation ? at axis , we believe in innovating for a smarter safer world . we just happen to provide cutting-edge security solutions across the globe . while each axian has his or her own motivators , we all share the same core values . \r\n are you a skilled problem solver and enjoy working with people ? are you highly motivated and self-disciplined ? do you have a real focus for customer satisfaction ? if you answered yes to these question then we have the perfect career for you . the perfect candidate must : demonstrate ability to identify and resolve problems in a timely and efficient manner demonstrate ability to communicate effectively with customers prove superior writing and oral communication skills prove desire to keep current with technologies relevant to business prove ability to manage difficult customer situations , respond promptly to the customer needs and solicit customer feedback to improve service \r\n if you ' re looking for a place where hard work gets recognized . a place where your talents and creativity can be rewarded -- look no further . position : network engineer / technology specialist reporting to : support manager location : san francisco , ca duties & responsibilities : provide outstanding service to internal and external customers by maintaining effective day-to-day operations develop and maintain a coordinated working relationship with team members and avs customers \r\n the senior network/voice engineer is responsible for a wide range of network functionality , from architecting and configuring pbxs to overseeing voice and network implementation projects . this includes managing all engineering projects for network and voip initiatives , planning technology roadmaps and configuring and optimizing all voip/pbx telephone and network systems and services . job duties : responsible for the development , implementation and support of a reliable , secure and scalable voice and data network . develop and deploy strategic voice and network plans to meet current and future business requirements . provide technical expertise and problem resolution for escalated requests . support routers , pbx systems , voip phones , switches , wlan 's , firewalls , and remote access . \r\n about dealerware : dealerware is modern fleet management for the modern retailer . we are proud to be one of the hottest software companies in the automotive sector . by combining a modern-approach with fresh design thinking , dealerware ' s industry-leading saas platform enables best-in-class fleet management and mobility for top automotive dealerships and manufacturers . three years ago , we burst onto the scene with a promise to reduce costs and elevate the customer experience at automotive dealerships . today , we ' re experiencing 100 % yoy growth and are positioned to truly change the way the world hits the road . across the automotive ecosystem , there ' s hundreds of billions of dollars at stake . and we ' re right in the swell of it . dealerware has an immediate , full-time opportunity for a devops engineer to help us transform the way car dealers and manufacturers think about products and profits . together , we will help dealers manage a mounting profit crisis ; enabling them to find profits in new places by digitizing and automating their operations , while elevating the customer experience . we ' re looking for someone who will help maintain , develop , and scale our platform to support our rapid growth . the ideal candidate is just as comfortable writing a python script as deploying a lambda and configuring real time production alerts . \r\n position : kubernetes engineer/architect location : tampa , fl duration : fulltime job description : mandatory skill  -  deep understanding of k8s architecture with strong basics of docker concepts & virtualization . 30 % hands on experience with big data tools hdfs/spark/kerberos etc . cloudera hadoop or mapr distribution exposure preferred .  -  30 % understanding of docker containers and ability to author docker images /understanding of kubernetes/ openshift/service mesh and shared storage technologies like nas/ san  -  30 % \r\n automation engineer techlab , inc. develops , manufactures , and distributes medical diagnostic tests . this company places emphasis on science and collaboration with universities . we are looking to add a automation engineer to our team . an employee in this position can expect to perform the following duties : project and time management recommending , designing , simulating , programming , and operational testing of electrical or mechanical automation maintain , repair and troubleshooting of automation system controls , including but not limited to : motors , drives , plc , user interfaces and robotic systems \r\n 