united states , georgia , atlanta information technology 16-feb-2022 ref # : 12854 linkedin tag : # li-jm2 how you 'll help us keep climbing ( overview & key responsibilities ) the software engineer , crew modernization is responsible for joining a crew modernization team and contributing to the software design , software development , and overall product lifecycle for products that our users love . this person fields questions from other product teams and encourages cross-team collaboration . in addition , developer may be involved in product configuration , performance tuning and testing as well as production monitoring . there is also an expectation that the software engineer will demonstrate expertise around modern software design and development . essential responsibilities : collaborates with other product team members ( ux , architects , and product management ) to create secure , reliable , scalable software solutions writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure , monitoring services , test cases , to do destructive testing to ensure adequate resiliency in production identifies unsecured code areas and implements fixes as they are discovered with or without tooling identifies , implements , and shares technical solutions that can be used across the portfolio identifies product enhancements to create a better experience for the end users research and/or investigate technical issues impacting the organization and recommend solutions provides application support for software running in production proactively reviews the performance and capacity of all aspects of production : code , infrastructure , data , and message processing triages high priority issues and outages as they arise participates in learning activities around agile software development and development core practices what you need to succeed ( minimum qualifications ) high school diploma , ged or high school equivalency consistently makes safety and security , of self and others , the priority embraces diverse people , thinking and styles experience in test-driven development and effective unit test creation experience in designing and implementing restful services experience in working with 12-factor methodology and understanding its benefits , and able to demonstrate appropriate patterns to other team members experience in a ci/cd and devops practices at least 2-5 years of experience with java/j2ee , spring framework , gitlab , jira , oracle 11+ , java 8 , jenkins , gradle extensive experience in software development using agile methodology experience in creating self-contained , reusable modules and components proficient in query optimization and troubleshooting experience in agile scrum framework where permitted by applicable law , must have received or be willing to receive the covid-19 vaccine by date of hire to be considered for u.s.-based job , if not currently employed by delta air lines , inc. what will give you a competitive edge ( preferred qualifications ) bachelors degree in computer science , information systems or related field is preferred . < go back \r\n purpose of job we are seeking a talented mid-level java/api software engineer for our san antonio , tx , phoenix az , or plano , tx facility . this person may also work in a 100 % remote work environment . provides support to the enterprise and has an opportunity to significantly impact organizational growth and effectiveness through delivering best in class technology solutions . engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include ; gathering and analyzing requirements , designing , testing , documenting and implementing software , responding to outages . identify and manage existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensure these risks are effectively identified and escalated to be measured , monitored , and controlled . job requirements about usaa usaa knows what it means to serve . we facilitate the financial security of millions of u.s. military members and their families . this outstanding mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level . usaa careers  -  world class benefits ( 31 seconds ) about usaa it our most meaningful qualification is n't technical , it 's human . here , we do n't just sit in front of a screen . we stand behind our 12 million members who rely on us every day . we are over 5,000 employees strong , a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles . we 've been a top-two computerworld 100 best places to work in it five years in a row and were recently named a top 50 employer for minority engineers & it by workforce diversity magazine . identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role . ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified , measured , monitored , and controlled . follows written risk and compliance policies and procedures for business activities . design , develop , code , and test complex technical solutions collaborating with senior engineers . may lead code/design reviews to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning at a team level . may begin to organize work and lead team to deliver features and solutions . resolves complex production issues with independence by troubleshooting complex applications and systems independently . may begin mentoring junior engineers . bachelor 's degree in related field of study , or certification from an approved technical field of study , or 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required . 4 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline ( s ) /technology ( s ) when you apply for this position , you will be required to answer some initial questions . this will take approximately 5 minutes . once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses . the above description reflects the details considered vital to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job . usaa has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive . you are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position . the salary range for this skill is : $ 82,200 - $ 158,900 * ( this does not include geographic differential it may be applied based on your work location ) employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the usaa board of directors . geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average . will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours . at usaa our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical , financial , and emotional wellness . these benefits include comprehensive medical , dental and vision plans , 401 ( k ) , pension , life insurance , parental benefits , adoption assistance , paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours , and various wellness programs . additionally , our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals . please click on the link below for more details . usaa total rewards relocation assistance is not available for this position . \r\n advance your network engineer career with the help of world class leadership and ongoing training . improve your job and satisfaction as you gain exposure to the newest technology and products . turn your hobbies and passions into opportunities you can use for your livelihood . experience greater appreciation as your technical ability and creativity are sought out and highly valued . take your technical and network abilities to new levels and build your self-confidence . this is a company where you will never worry about job security and will receive the very best in compensation and benefits . if you have any level of network engineering experience and ability to relocate , we want to hear from you . all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to the individual 's race , color , sex , national origin , religion , age , disability , genetic information , status as a military veteran or any other characteristic protected by applicable law . job type : full-time \r\n comcast brings together the best in media and technology . we drive innovation to create the worlds best entertainment and online experiences . as a fortune 50 leader , we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines . we are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace , thanks to our remarkable people , who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day . if you share in our passion for teamwork , our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology , we want you to fast-forward your career at comcast . job summary freewheel , a comcast company , empowers all segments of the new tv ecosystem . we are structured to provide the full breadth of solutions the advertising industry needs to achieve their goals . we provide the technology , data enablement and convergent marketplaces required to ensure buyers and sellers can transact across all screens , across all data types , and all sales channels , in order to ensure the ultimate goal  -  results for marketers . with offices in new york , san francisco , chicago , london , paris , beijing , and across the globe , freewheel , a comcast company , stands to advocate for the entire industry through the freewheel council for premium video . for more information , please visit freewheel.com . job description core responsibilities understand our operating principles ; make them the guidelines for how you do your job . own the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first , give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint , and make them promoters of our products and services . know your stuff - be enthusiastic learners , users and advocates of our game-changing technology , products and services , especially our digital tools and experiences . win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas . be an active part of the net promoter system - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles , making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers . drive results and growth . respect and promote inclusion & diversity . do what 's right for each other , our customers , investors and our communities . this information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role . it is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties , responsibilities and qualifications . comcast is an eoe/veterans/disabled/lgbt employer . # freewheelengineeringjob education bachelor 's degree relevant work experience 7-10 years base pay is one part of the total rewards that comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work . most sales positions are eligible for a commission under the terms of an applicable plan , while most non-sales positions are eligible for a bonus . additionally , comcast provides best-in-class benefits . we believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most , and should help you care for those who matter most . that ' s why we provide an array of options , expert guidance and always-on tools , that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality  -  to help support you physically , financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life . please visit the compensation and benefits summary on our careers site for more details . \r\n overview : we are currently seeking a sr network engineer to join our team in supporting the gtl enterprise nationwide . this role is responsible for providing planning , design , deployment , operations , monitoring and break-fix for local area networks to meet current and future needs of gtl 's data centers , nationwide business offices , nationwide customer locations and internet connectivity . role requires knowledge and or experience with premise and cloud-based networking services . this position is a remote based position within the us with a preference to be based in the central or western regions . responsibilities : physically maintain networking equipment across the viapath enterprise ( cisco , ubiquity ) . support network availability , perform installation , upgrade , and problem resolution . qualifications : \r\n the professionals at the national security agency ( nsa ) have one common goal : to protect our nation . the mission requires a strong offense and a steadfast defense . the offense collects , processes and disseminates intelligence information derived from foreign signals for intelligence and counterintelligence purposes . the defense prevents adversaries from gaining access to sensitive classified national security information . the national security agency is a leader in deploying high-caliber solutions , continually moving forward and contributing to industry leading technologies . we are looking for results driven individuals that strive for excellence , enjoy the challenges of a fast paced environment and the desire to make a difference . we are looking for talented networking professionals to design , develop , deploy , sustain and monitor state-of-the-art network solutions ( wan , can , lan , dcn and satellite communications networks ) that are deployed across nsa worldwide . we are hiring entry to expert networking professionals with education and/or experience in several of the following areas : - multi-vendor infrastructure platforms ( i.e. , cisco , brocade , juniper , arista ) - network encryption devices and wan accelerators - multi-vendor layer 3 routing protocols ( i.e. , bgp , osfp , eigrp , igrp , hsrp , vrrp ) - virtual private networking ( i.e. , mpls , gre , l2vpn , evpn , pseudowire , ipsec , macsec ) - data center architectures and converged networks - current networking trends , including commercial implementations of software defined networks ( sdn ) for both data center network and wan applications - load balancing and application delivery controller technologies and implementations - wan architectures ( i.e. , carrier ethernet , optical fabrics ( otn ) , sonet ) - network monitoring tools ( i.e. , netflow tracker , hp network node manager , cisco lms , cisco call manager , wireshark , and splunk ) - network modeling ( riverbed/opnet , netsim ) - network boundary ( next generation firewalls ( palo alto , cisco firepower ) , ipsec/ssl vpn concentrators ) - cross domain solutions ( safenet mdex system , owl cyber defense cross domain solutions ) - technical certifications ( e.g. , ccna , ccnp , sec+ ) network professionals are hired into positions directly supporting a technical mission office or one of the different development programs like the information technology development program ( itdp ) . this program is a three-year full-time development program . the goal of the program is to provide entry-level information technology specialists ( that is , individuals with degrees in computer science , information systems , information technology , and related degrees and experience ) the opportunity to learn the various facets of the mission . these facets include : - development , engineering and deployment of nsa mission systems - architecture , development , building , and maintenance of nsa 's fault-tolerant world-wide information technology infrastructure - high-performance computing system development for cryptanalytic mission applications - human resources , financial , and other business data warehouse storage and access - information system security , engineering , testing , and evaluation \r\n network & security engineer - hybrid schedule available , growth opportunity ! about the company and opportunity : our client is looking to add a network engineer to their growing team , who will aide with security needs by supporting their outside security consultant . great role for someone who enjoys the infrastructure side of being a network engineer the most this is great opportunity to work for an organization that helps those who have served and serve the local communities in colorado this position is for talent in the denver metro area great work-life-balance , hybrid schedule available after initial on-boarding and training . benefits include group medical , dental , vision , 401k , 457 , defined benefit though colorado pera , life insurance and long - term disability * no sponsorship offered # cfsfeb2022 \r\n robotics and automation company require a software engineer with high energy , creative software engineers , with mid to senior levels of experience , to join mobile bot fleet routing team . you will play a hands-on role in the development of a suite of applications , both mobile and desktop for next generation of software which controls fleets of mobile robots and industrial systems . we are looking for candidates who thrive in a creative , collaborative and agile development environment . design and develop real-time high-performance software to control fleets of mobile robots . apply best practices to the design of data structures and algorithms . strive for both simplicity and performance . produce high-quality software contributing to projects that have a significant impact on the business . assist our skilled support team and operations team in triaging and resolving production issues . collaborate with the team on best practices and improving quality standards . min 3+ years of professional experience developing software ( algorithm development ) . have experience in path planning , trajectory optimization algorithms ; good understanding of kinematics and dynamics and designing to their constraints . have worked with an oop language ( c # preferred ) . have a strong background in data structures and algorithms . write understandable , testable code with an eye towards maintainability . demonstrate strong problem solving skills . have completed a bachelor 's degree in computer science , engineering or a related discipline . \r\n come join a growing financial technology company that ' s leading the marketplace in both the marketing and servicing of credit cards ! continental finance company specializes in credit card options for those consumers with less than perfect credit . we are seeking a senior devops engineer to support our information technology team . * * * cfc offers a hybrid work schedule which includes three ( 3 ) core days in the office ( tuesday , wednesday , and thursday ) and two ( 2 ) remote workdays ( monday and friday ) * * * essential functions : create and manage automated build and release pipelines in azure devops and aws . collaborate with other devops engineers and cloud architects to design and build a scalable infrastructure and cloud platform for our high-volume customer facing applications and web apis . \r\n predictive modeler lancer insurance company , inc.  -  long beach , ny lancer insurance company is looking for a talented and motivated predictive modeler to work with a data architect and/or data scientist to develop predictive models to provide modeling solutions that meet organizational needs and to perform in-depth analysis to guide and support strategic business decisions . the right candidate will be a successful communicator and self-starter with strong analytical skills who exhibits creativity , hustle , integrity , and teamwork . duties and responsibilities : A identify areas where data can be used to improve business activities , defining business users ' requirements . make recommendations for the usage of data in business and communicate the benefits and return on investment for application and product owners . \r\n job description web designer/developer a web designer/developer is responsible for the design , layout and coding of a website . they are involved with the technical and graphical aspects of a website - how the site works and how it looks . they can also be involved with the maintenance and update of existing sites . key skills : imagination creativity patience attention to detail \r\n we are looking for an enthusiastic , creative , and professional lead designer who is versatile and experienced in responsive website design , specifically well-versed in photoshop/invision apps . the perfect candidate has the traditional design process on lock-down and has direct experience designing and creating website flow , sales funnels , branding , etc . what you 'll do : in this role , you will be the lead designer on our e-commerce team . you will develop full-page designs in photoshop from strategic wire-frames generated by the strategy team . other tasks will include creating promotional web material for rotating promos and other programs . front-end developers will take your designs and develop them using nuxt/vue.js into our website . other promotional/digital assets may be required for other areas like email , display ads , and print media . \r\n description : the prokell agency is looking to bring a web/graphic designer onto our fast growing team ! this role will report to the director of digital marketing and will be responsible for the overall support and success of semi-custom wordpress websites . in addition , this person will work in collaboration with the digital marketing team to create relevant marketing content for our client 's digital advertising efforts as well as for their social media pages . roles & responsibilities : design and manage semi-custom wordpress websites for our clients . design and create digital ads and content for our client 's organic social media and digital advertising efforts . enjoys communicating and collaborating with clients , as needed . \r\n description job description : we are seeking a motivated and talented cv/ml engineer to join our algorithm development team and participate in software development for advanced real-time detection and computer vision algorithms . you will be involved in the development of computer vision , image processing , machine learning , and deep learning algorithms for our real-time airport personnel and baggage scanning products . you will be working on algorithms for multi-view 2-d and 3-d volumetric detection of prohibited concealed on passengers or in their baggage . we have thousands of scanners in daily operation around the world on which your algorithms will be deployed ! this position has opportunity for telework ( up to 100 % ) , but occasional travel to ma will be required . pay range $ 74,750.00 - $ 115,000.00 - $ 155,250.00 \r\n summary posted : feb 23 , 2021 weekly hours : 40 role number:200208120 this is a role of a software engineer who will be responsible for the design , build and enhancements of a scalable highly concurrent distributed platform . knowledge of popular machine learning tools and packages is helpful but can be an ongoing skill acquisition as part of the job . the mindset required and to be developed is how to process thousands of transactions per second , how to achieve the consistency without sacrificing the performance . key qualifications \r\n who we are at lavamap : lavamap is a proptech company that 's disrupting real estate search engines , leveraging augmented reality and machine learning . we are a team of tech nerds and property sharks that obsess over innovative search tools , predictive modeling , and 3d listing setups . our mission is to help searchers find the best places to live and invest . we believe by providing a dynamic platform to share and learn , we can promote a smarter evolution of cities , globally . we equip industry players with the tools to effectively manage and sell their properties , and the research to make wiser investment decisions . we are driven to be the leaders of the information technology renaissance in the real estate industry . we are a fair and equal opportunity employer . prelude : \r\n we have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world  -  come find yours . technology/it the united it team designs , develops and maintains massively scaling technology solutions that are brought to life with innovative architectures , data analytics and digital solutions . job overview and responsibilities you 'll be part of an agile team dedicated to building the enterprise machine learning infrastructure and productionalizing machine learning services . you 'll collaborate with data scientists , data engineers , it teams , and business stakeholders to participate in the technical design and development of machine learning applications and integrations with production systems . you 'll ensure that applications and data pipelines meet production standards and performance expectations . you 'll have the opportunity to continuously learn and directly apply the latest innovations and emerging best practices to keep united airlines at the cutting edge of technology . \r\n we are seeking an engineering manager to join the xr tech team , an organization focused on productizing novel technologies in ar and vr devices . in this role , your job will be to both manage and partner with groups working across the full spectrum from research to product development , managing our technical investment portfolio supporting multiple products across different timelines . you will oversee and be responsible for a broad array of state-of-the-art technology areas , spanning eye tracking , computer vision and machine learning , and designed to run on low-power client devices . prospective candidates should have sufficient technical depth and breadth in the associated set of technologies to make portfolio management , resourcing and roadmap decisions . responsibilities : leading an organization comprised of technology leaders , applied scientists and engineers from prototyping across development and integration of advanced systems relying heavily on computer vision and machine learning technologies facebook 's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together . through our family of apps and services , we 're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world , gives them ways to share what matters most to them , and helps bring people closer together . whether we 're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach , people at facebook are builders at heart . our global teams are constantly iterating , solving problems , and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways . together , we can help people build stronger communities - we 're just getting started . facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer . we do not discriminate based upon race , religion , color , national origin , sex ( including pregnancy , childbirth , or related medical conditions ) , sexual orientation , gender , gender identity , gender expression , transgender status , sexual stereotypes , age , status as a protected veteran , status as an individual with a disability , or other applicable legally protected characteristics . we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories , consistent with applicable federal , state and local law.facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process . if you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability , please let us know at accommodations-ext @ fb.com . \r\n data scientist / ml ops engineer the position we are looking for a talented data scientist / ml ops engineer to join our client ' s fast growing team in either in office or remote . we are looking for a high caliber individual with a passion for building scalable machine learning ( ml ) platforms for deployment of automated ml based software solutions . in this position , you will be working with a very highly energetic team of engineers , data scientists , and developers , to develop and deploy ml solutions to solve engineering problems . the solutions will focus on improving operational efficiency and predictive maintenance using engineering and data science approaches . responsibilities you will be responsible for : \r\n about the team uber ai engagements collaborates with partner teams across uber to deliver innovative ml/ai solutions for core business problems . you will work closely with engineering , product and data science teams to understand business problems and the potential for ml/ai solutions . you will deliver these solutions from inception to enduring software components . machine learning engineers have deep domain knowledge in ml/ai and the ability to apply that knowledge to diverse problem domains involving multiple stakeholders . what you 'll do algorithm and model prototyping model optimization model productionization and monitoring \r\n the professionals at the national security agency ( nsa ) have one common goal : to protect our nation . the mission requires a strong offense and a steadfast defense . the offense collects , processes and disseminates intelligence information derived from foreign signals for intelligence and counterintelligence purposes . the defense prevents adversaries from gaining access to sensitive classified national security information . with the ever-accelerating technological advances and growing system complexity , nsa needs hardware/software design engineers to design , develop , construct and test electronic hardware and software processing components . these components are typically subsystems of communication , collection , processing or analysis systems . hardware/software design engineers are hired into positions supporting a broad range of specialized skills including computer engineering , computer programming , computer software engineering , electrical engineering , and communications engineering . positions may be an office directly supporting a technical mission or one of three development programs : the resident signals engineering program ( rse ) , system engineer development program ( sedp ) or the information technology development program ( itdp ) . the resident signals engineering program is a 4-year technical development program focused on the collection , processing , and analysis of signals in any environment and in any media . the rse program offers selected technical personnel unique opportunities for self-directed diversity tours in core mission areas where they will learn about , and provide solutions for , many of the toughest technical problems facing the agency . the sedp prepares recent college graduates ( engineering-related degrees ) for a career in systems engineering at nsa . applying systems engineering tradecraft and building a network while working with leading nsa experts prepares sedp engineers for advanced or leadership assignments . the sedp covers the breadth of systems engineering core competencies , including technical/analytical , technical management , and organizational/business processes . during the three-year full-time program , sedp engineers rotate assignments to gain exposure to various nsa mission areas , attend systems engineering training and visits throughout the ic , and earn dod dawia and other important credentials . the itdp is a three-year full-time development program designed to provide entry-level information technology specialists ( that is , individuals with degrees in computer science , engineering , computer security , information systems , information technology , and related degrees and experience ) the opportunity to acquire the skills and technical capabilities necessary to successfully execute nsa 's mission . in this program , participants gain a depth of knowledge in a breadth of information technology disciplines , including system/security , software engineering , software project management , and system architecture . itdp participants work in teams and with nsa technical leaders to solve current and future challenging it problems . the responsibilities of a hardware/software design engineer may include : - designing , developing , testing , and/or evaluating computer or computer-related equipment . - programming , modifying and/or configuring system software that manages the computer hardware and provides services to the applications . - applying software engineering principles to design , develop , test , and evaluate/modify software applications . \r\n a philanthropic company that has been serving the community for over 15 years is seeking a software engineer to join their core engineering team . they are mission driven through their e-commerce platform where they donate a portion of their sales to various charities . recently they have contributed to building new schools and cancer research ! title : software engineer location : 100 % remote compensation : up to $ 165k doe term : full time responsibilities : develop our frontend & back-end platform , services , and api ' s to support our high traffic web and mobile platforms \r\n united states position description do you love commercial trucks and all things transportation ? does the thought of creating new product features for autonomous and electric battery vehicles excite you ? would you thrive in an environment working with some of the best engineers in the business to develop new , advanced and sustainable solutions for volvo & mack trucks ? are you ready to apply your classroom skill set in a real world application ? if so , volvo group trucks technology is seeking multiple entry level engineers to join our teams at our greensboro , nc and hagerstown , md locations ! you are a motivated and passionate engineer who is excited to work in the transportation industry with various systems involved in the research , design and manufacturing of class 8 heavy duty trucks . you thrive when working in cross-functional teams supporting engineering solutions . developing sustainable solutions for the future of the transportation industry excites you ! requirements : \r\n homesite insurance was founded in 1997 and was one of the first companies to enable customers to purchase home insurance directly online , during a single visit . since then , we 've continued to innovate rapidly to meet the needs of our customers and their changing expectations . one thing that 's stayed the same since our founding : our commitment to our customers , partners and employees . join us on our journey as we continue to grow into a powerful contender in the field of insurance . compensation may vary based on the job level and your geographic work location . compensation minimum : $ 76,000 compensation maximum : $ 150,000 help design and develop green field innovations in the insurance industry . the developer is responsible for prototyping , analysis , design , development , and delivery of the next generation product line along with bringing best practices to the current business . \r\n united states , georgia , atlanta information technology 16-feb-2022 ref # : 12854 linkedin tag : # li-jm2 how you 'll help us keep climbing ( overview & key responsibilities ) the software engineer , crew modernization is responsible for joining a crew modernization team and contributing to the software design , software development , and overall product lifecycle for products that our users love . this person fields questions from other product teams and encourages cross-team collaboration . in addition , developer may be involved in product configuration , performance tuning and testing as well as production monitoring . there is also an expectation that the software engineer will demonstrate expertise around modern software design and development . essential responsibilities : collaborates with other product team members ( ux , architects , and product management ) to create secure , reliable , scalable software solutions writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure , monitoring services , test cases , to do destructive testing to ensure adequate resiliency in production identifies unsecured code areas and implements fixes as they are discovered with or without tooling identifies , implements , and shares technical solutions that can be used across the portfolio identifies product enhancements to create a better experience for the end users research and/or investigate technical issues impacting the organization and recommend solutions provides application support for software running in production proactively reviews the performance and capacity of all aspects of production : code , infrastructure , data , and message processing triages high priority issues and outages as they arise participates in learning activities around agile software development and development core practices what you need to succeed ( minimum qualifications ) high school diploma , ged or high school equivalency consistently makes safety and security , of self and others , the priority embraces diverse people , thinking and styles experience in test-driven development and effective unit test creation experience in designing and implementing restful services experience in working with 12-factor methodology and understanding its benefits , and able to demonstrate appropriate patterns to other team members experience in a ci/cd and devops practices at least 2-5 years of experience with java/j2ee , spring framework , gitlab , jira , oracle 11+ , java 8 , jenkins , gradle extensive experience in software development using agile methodology experience in creating self-contained , reusable modules and components proficient in query optimization and troubleshooting experience in agile scrum framework where permitted by applicable law , must have received or be willing to receive the covid-19 vaccine by date of hire to be considered for u.s.-based job , if not currently employed by delta air lines , inc. what will give you a competitive edge ( preferred qualifications ) bachelors degree in computer science , information systems or related field is preferred . < go back \r\n job description sr network engineer cancer care is all we do hope in healing cancer treatment centers of americaA ( ctcaA ) takes a unique and integrative approach to cancer care . our patient-centered care model is founded on a commitment to personalized medicine , tailoring a combination of treatments to the needs of each individual patient . at the same time , we support patients ' quality of life by offering therapies designed to help them manage the side effects of treatment , addressing their physical , spiritual and emotional needs , so they are better able to stay on their treatment regimens and get back to life . at the core of our whole-person approach is what we call the mother standardA of care , so named because it requires that we treat our patients , and one another , like we would want our loved ones to be treated . this innovative approach has earned our hospitals a best place to work distinction and numerous accreditations . each of us has a stake in the successful outcomes of every patient we treat . job description : the voice engineer is responsible for effective design , coordination , installation/configuration , and developing standard operating procedures ( sop ) for network hardware/software and related enterprise infrastructure . implementation of enterprise network systems includes high-availability , redundancy , and supporting the organization disaster recovery and business continuity requirements . provides technical research and development to enable continuing innovation within the network infrastructure . this individual works closely with peers , principal network engineer , and network administrators to ensure that network hardware , operating systems , monitoring systems , and related procedures adhere to organizational requirements and established sops . the voice engineer may have two or more focuses within disciplines of core , lan , wan , wlan , voice , and ip-balancing . this position provides next escalation point for operations personnel and is responsible for providing timely response and diagnosis of issues directly or remotely . when necessary may also adjust work hours to perform tasks at times least impactful to customers . ? ? : each ctca employee is a stakeholder , driven to make a true difference and help win the fight against cancer . each day is a challenge , but this unique experience comes with rewards that you may never have thought possible . to ensure each team member brings his or her best self , we offer exceptional support and immersive training to encourage your personal and professional growth . if you 're ready to be part of something bigger and work with a passionate , dynamic group of care professionals , we invite you to join us . visit : jobs.cancercenter.com to begin your journey . remote work location \r\n are you ready to invest in your career with a rapidly growing airline ? the network engineer is responsible for managing all aspects of the wan , lan , telecommunications and wireless networks . day-to-day responsibilities and accountability : manage and maintain all network equipment and backups . build , design and support all network architecture . monitoring , troubleshooting and improving lan/wan traffic . design and implement new monitoring solutions . document all networking architecture and diagrams . \r\n job description responsibilities : responsible for overall design , planning , deployment , monitoring and maintenance of a multi-tenant and dedicated network environment lead core routing and mpls network design and deployment with a focus on reliability , availability , serviceability and manageability . responsible for creation and maintenance of documentation in network design and deployment \r\n company description at intuitive , we are united behind our mission : we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care . through ingenuity and intelligent technology , we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints . as a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery , we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team , committed to making a difference . for more than 25 years , we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare ' s hardest challenges and advance what is possible . intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds . we believe great ideas can come from anywhere - we strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect.we lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as theirmost authentic selves . travel requirements:10 % of the time shift : day \r\n covid-19 continues to significantly impact our employees , families and communities . with employee health and safety as our top priority , and as a federal contractor , lockheed martin is taking action to address the increased risk and uncertainty covid variants pose in the workplace and ensuring we meet our commitments to national security . to uphold safety for all employees , we will continue to request vaccination status for all lockheed martin employees including new hires . all current and newly hired employees who are unvaccinated will be required to adhere to onsite safety protocols . description : this job is aligned with our 21st century warfare ( 21cwfaia ) initiative to help the u.s. and its allies leverage emerging technologies to deter threats to economic prosperity and national security . come and experience your future ! be the best possible you ! at lockheed martin , we are passionate about innovation and integrity . we believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and forward-thinking , everything is within our capacity  -  and yours as a lockheed martin employee . lockheed martin values your skills , training , education , and background . do you want to be part of an environment that encourages and supports employees to think big , perform with quality and build incredible products ? we provide the resources , reassurance , and focus - if you have the resourcefulness and courage to work hard , then we want to build a better tomorrow with you . define the future of aviation . stand at the forefront of technology and innovation . transform your ideas and dreams into reality . join lockheed martin ' s flight controls and autonomy team and be part of the greatest transformation in aviation history ; unmanned fully autonomous flight . the flight controls and autonomy team is currently seeking highly motivated technology pioneers with a desire to steer and lead the autonomy industry . successful candidates must be willing and able to work on highly complex complicated problems . leading to world-changing technological breakthroughs . team ' s technical areas of emphasis include fly-by-wire flight control systems , guidance/navigation & control ( gnc ) , flight test , autonomy , aviation robotics , perception , ai , and motion planning . this is a technical position associated with the verification of fly-by-wire flight control system software with an emphasis on flight control system architecture , autonomy , flight controls , and guidance/navigation and control . the general scope of the work involves generation of test cases and results to test matlab/simulink and hand-code modules in accordance with the objectives of rtca/do-178b/c for software components at all design assurance levels ( level a-e ) . verification activities include functional level testing , structural coverage ( statement , decision , mcdc , object level ) , execution of test cases , generation of test results ( i.e. , test logs , listings , and coverage results ) , test case tracking , and test results reviews . the applicant will also be responsible for requirements based level testing of both high-level ( hlr ) and low-level ( llr ) software requirements . in addition to the responsibilities highlighted above we offer extensive benefits that include competitive 401k and insurance . we remain an equal opportunity company . m.sc or phd in computer science , robotics engineering or related science field 5+ years of experience job.qualifications join us at lockheed martin , where your mission is ours . our customers tackle the hardest missions . those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage , resilience and precision . they ' re dangerous . critical . sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives . those are the missions we care about . as a leading technology innovation company , lockheed martin ' s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers ' toughest challenges . lockheed martin has employees based in many states throughout the u.s. , and internationally , with business locations in many nations and territories . experienced professional \r\n company description at intuitive , we are united behind our mission : we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care . through ingenuity and intelligent technology , we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints . as a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery , we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team , committed to making a difference . for more than 25 years , we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare ' s hardest challenges and advance what is possible . intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds . we believe great ideas can come from anywhere - we strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect.we lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as theirmost authentic selves . travel requirements : none shift : day \r\n job title : sales engineer job overview : mechatronic solutions ( maple grove , mn ) is seeking a sales engineer to expand customer base and grow sales in assigned territory and accounts . the ideal candidate has technical expertise in electro-mechanical automation & systems including robotics , motion control , conveyors , multi-axis actuator/servo , pneumatics , machine safety/vision and more . this position is critical to expand on the positive reputation of our company and continue strong growth . responsibilities : develop & maintain customer relationships full understanding of the customers goals \r\n dephy is looking for a candidate who was born to be an engineer : someone who has an urge to understand how things work , someone who gets excited when there is no known solution to the problem at hand . we are curious , creative and passionate engineers looking for a team member to help us tackle problems at the forefront of wearable robotics . come help us transition mobility exoskeletons from labs and treadmills to the real world : cities , trails and mountains . * * * this role is restricted to us persons ( i.e. , us citizens , permanent residents , and other protected individuals ) due to potential access to export-controlled technology . * * * job description your main responsibilities will be to improve/expand/maintain the hardware/ee aspect of our embedded systems : design or re-design current circuits to accommodate new product features and projects , write embedded firmware in c ( low-level drivers ) , assemble and test prototypes , bring-up boards , debug and fix problems . you will work closely with software and controls engineers , as well as with our mechanical engineering team . work balance : 65 % hardware , 35 % firmware . since our embedded systems are used directly by people ( wearable robots ) , reliability and predictability are key . this is a fast-paced environment : it ' s not uncommon to have an idea on a monday , cad it right away , write firmware and test code while the pcbs are being fabricated , hand assemble and test everything by the end of the week . \r\n land sea air autonomy is dedicated to providing affordable autonomous solutions . we focus on developing innovative solutions to our customer 's needs that are both technically sound and cost effective . innovative ideas and talented individuals are the foundation on which lsa autonomy was formed . our staff possesses a great deal of experience with robotic and autonomous systems . as our customer base expands , we are seeking to hire highly motivated and highly competent software engineers at our finksburg , md office . development opportunities include real-time embedded controls , sensor processing , machine learning , and high-level autonomy algorithms . a typical project includes software development and testing , software/hardware integration and testing , and possibly field support of the delivered product . desired skills minimum qualifications : citizenship required : united states citizenship \r\n 100 % remote devops engineer if you are a 100 % remote devops engineer with experience , please read on ! job title : devops engineer job location : 100 % remote salary : 100k to 200k requirements : 4+ years of experience with aws . experience with terraform , ansible and api's we are a customer experience company that allows clients to customize video and image messages for everyday work . if you have ever sent an email been on slack or anything in between and thought `` if only i could capture this all in a video and send that instead '' we are the company that is putting those words into action ! we have received over 15 million dollars and have a massive customer base that includes : salesforce , adobe , uber , zillow , slack and much more ! we are trusted by the best in the business to enhance productive and allow our client 's to provide the best in class service to their customers ! all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race , color , religion , sex , national origin , disability , protected veteran status , or any other characteristic protected by law .  -  in compliance with federal law , all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united states and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire . \r\n not a remote position-location : irvine , ca are you looking to start your career at an innovative financial/tech company ? we are seeking a talented senior devops engineer to be a key contributor to the team and will be instrumental in building , deploying , maintaining , and automating our software development pipeline from source control to production . they will work closely with our software development , it infrastructure , and information security teams to select the right tools and processes through the dev , qa , staging , and production environments to ensure that our code is delivering all defined functional and compliance requirements associated with each release in an efficient andsustainable methodology . a little about taxrise : we ' re on a mission to evolve the way taxpayers resolve their tax issues . join a team who loves to celebrate , break-company-records , and most importantly , change lives . we ' re the fastest-growing company in our industry and looking to expand our team , so we can truly dominate this space . \r\n remote . based in one of our market areas : atlanta , georgia ; san francisco , california ; new york , new york ; winston-salem , north carolina ; oklahoma city , oklahoma ; st. louis , missouri or west hartford , connecticut . at gohealth urgent care , we strive to provide an effortless experience to our customers , providers , and staffs . we are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to use technology to enhance our customers ' interaction . this position will play a key role in developing and supporting our consumer facing web applications and mobile applications to give our customer peace of mind when they need urgent care . these applications achieve outcomes such as allowing a patient to complete their demographic and insurance details in an efficient and secure manner and feed the information seamlessly into the electronic medical record system . this position will be responsible for the design , development , implementation , support , security practices , and maintenance of the production infrastructure and will be working with the software development team to deliver this amazing user experience . responsibilities will also include working with leaders across the gohealth organization to understand our customers and service offerings and use that information to shape the design and functionality offered in the web and mobile app . the role will require collaboration with diverse roles including security , engineering , marketing , physicians , operations leadership , as well as others within the it team . this role will require excellent problem-solving skills to anticipate and solve for complexities before deployment and will be expected to be the technical subject matter expert . job requirements 4-year computer science degree required or equivalent related experience essential functions covid vaccine announcement : gohealth urgent care is requiring all new hires to disclose their covid-19 vaccination status in all markets . in certain markets , it will be required that new hires be fully vaccinated and boosted for covid-19 vaccine ( either the moderna or pfizer vaccine series or the single dose johnson & johnson janssen vaccine ) prior to their first day of employment . this is a condition of employment , unless a faith-based or medical exemption is approved . all qualified persons are granted an equal opportunity for employment without regard to race , color , religion , sex , sexual orientation and gender identity or expression , age , national origin , citizenship status , disability , genetic information , medical condition , family care leave status , pregnancy or pregnancy-related condition , otherwise qualified disabled or veteran status . the company will comply with all fair employment laws in each of the jurisdictions where we conduct business . \r\n position : data scientist - remote machine learning / r/ python / jupyter /sql must have experience developing data science solutions to production within digital services , products , and solutions . remote role that is direct hire-salaried prefer eastern standard time zone ( at this time , our client can not accommodate h1b visas or opt ) . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * \r\n please apply here : https : //app.dover.io/apply/scienceio/1abae491-43da-43f0-a86d-a98e93409912 ? rs=55634680 scienceio is on a mission to build a more transparent , connected , and equitable healthcare system . as lead data scientist , you ' ll be a key member of our growing data science & machine learning team and work closely with the founders to build up data science culture and best practices across the organization . as data scientists ourselves , we care deeply about building infrastructure and aligning incentives to support great data science . the role & opportunity you will lead our initiative to build better , fairer , and more transparent machine learning models for healthcare by improving the way we understand and improve our data and models \r\n we are seeking a wordpress / php developer responsible for front-end and backend development . this position requires a combination of programming skills ( namely php , html5 , css3 , and javascript ) and aesthetics ( understanding element arrangements on the screen , the color and font choices , and so on ) . the candidate should have a strong understanding of industry trends and the wordpress content management system . experience with responsive and adaptive design is required . the developer will be responsible for implementing and supporting unique creative designs on sophisticated client websites and for contributing to the ongoing development and maintenance of the platform . responsibilities A designing and implementing new features and functionality A establishing and guiding the website ' s architecture A working in a team environment and willingness to jump in and assist in other areas to get the job done \r\n greetings ! looking for a small team with a startup culture where you 're more than a cog in the corporate wheel ? we have an exciting direct hire in-person ecommerce full stack developer ( php , vanilla javascript , full stack except css/design ) opportunity located in georgetown , texas . you won ' t miss the large city traffic or the bureaucracy found in large companies , yet we are just 14 miles from austin . we offer a small team atmosphere that is like no other . we are building a next-generation enterprise-level ecommerce application with advanced 3d webgl technology . basic requirements : 3+ years building web applications with strong back-end plus vanilla js minimum 2 years vanilla js development experience \r\n `` we make magic . '' that 's our motto at the walt disney company and it permeates everything we do . at disney , you will help inspire that magic by helping our teams push the limits of entertainment and create the never-before-seen ! as a lead machine learning engineer , you will lead the development of proof-of-concept , pilots and production projects across disney parks , experiences and products . responsibilities : responsible for areas such as : computer vision , recommendation engines , deep learning and language processing ( nlp ) focused on creating proof-of-concepts in the ml/ai space for business partners across the segment . collaborate with technology teams across disney disneytech dpepfla # li-jcp \r\n summary posted : jan 11 , 2022 role number : 200331066 services at apple help hundreds of millions of customers get the most out of the devices they love through amazing apps , award-winning shows and movies , immersive music in spatial audio , world-class workouts and meditations , super fun games and more . the apple media products data science & analytics organization is passionate about developing discerning insights and machine learning solutions to help continually improve these services and accelerate growth while maintaining a strong dedication to customer privacy . we are currently seeking an experienced and influential applied marketing science & machine learning manager to establish a unified approach to incremental marketing measurement and help optimize marketing communications at scale through predictive models for customer state changes and lifetime value . as a key member of our diverse and dynamic organization , you 'll have the rare and rewarding opportunity to work with datasets of unique magnitude , richness , and dedication to customer privacy that will frequently require innovative approaches . you 'll work collaboratively with partners across business , marketing , product and engineering daily to deliver material customer and business value . the position is based in los angeles . \r\n the test sw engineer - machine learning develops software used in mass production environments to calibrate , measure , and interface custom test fixtures and processes used in contract manufacturer sites to build cutting edge ar/vr products . you will be involved from initial concept to execution and maintenance of specialized ar/vr specific applications that demand high reliability . you will be responsible for developing/integrating test algorithms , interfacing with hardware using vendor and internal apis , building distributed and resilient algorithms to process data , and interfacing with logging , databases , and restful services . for this particular position , you will first focus on developing strategy and solution for an ai/machine learning/deep learning based mfg inspection system that correlates mfg test data with images . the ideal candidate is a self-driven individual working in a cross-functional team environment and will be responsible for planning the design , development , and implementation of factory test software . you will enforce manufacturability , testability and ensure cost-effective designs are implemented for testing and automation systems , software , and equipment . this position will have responsibilities for npi test development and sustaining support of production released test and automation systems . you must be responsive , flexible and able to succeed within an open collaborative peer environment . we are looking for someone with a productive mindset who can apply their expertise to solve problems in creative , insightful ways . facebook 's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together . through our family of apps and services , we 're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world , gives them ways to share what matters most to them , and helps bring people closer together . whether we 're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach , people at facebook are builders at heart . our global teams are constantly iterating , solving problems , and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways . together , we can help people build stronger communities - we 're just getting started . facebook is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer . we do not discriminate based upon race , religion , color , national origin , sex ( including pregnancy , childbirth , or related medical conditions ) , sexual orientation , gender , gender identity , gender expression , transgender status , sexual stereotypes , age , status as a protected veteran , status as an individual with a disability , or other applicable legally protected characteristics . we also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories , consistent with applicable federal , state and local law.facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process . if you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability , please let us know at accommodations-ext @ fb.com . \r\n about clutch : clutch is a cutting edge technology company providing cdp , loyalty , & stored value services to merchants across the world . our teams build tools to automate the merchant ' s customer life cycle ; starting with the transaction engine & ending with extraordinary program analytics , marketing consultation & communication via email , direct mail & mobile . description : clutch is looking for an experienced & highly talented data engineer to join our growing company . in this role you will work closely with our data science , engineering , product , and business teams to architect & implement data manipulation , transformation & aggregation technologies as well as optimize existing data engineering capabilities throughout the clutch ecosystem . \r\n a company built to serve you . it 's your career , shelter it ! the data analyst produces recurring and ad hoc reports using a variety of querying tools . works closely with business partners and information services to identify appropriate data sources , providing ad-hoc reports and operations analysis of large data sets for making business decisions . learns and implements new tools including data analytic and visualization software products . serves as a liaison between business partners and information services as needed with regard to project management , reporting inquiries , and piloting new systems . ability to perform the essential functions of the position with or without a reasonable accommodation . minimum starting salary : $ 43,735.00 - $ 63,677.00 if interested , please apply by : 04/10/2021 \r\n are you looking for a controls engineering career that challenges you to create innovative designs utilizing the latest robotic , computer , vision , and other control technologies ? aerospec is committed to designing and developing industry leading automation equipment solutions . we enable customers across the globe to manufacture their products with sub-micron precision , in volumes of tens of thousands per day with unparallel guaranteed of product safety and reliability . aerospec has delivered automation and robotics that builds missiles , satellites , airbags , photonics components , semi components , probe cards , consumer products , surgical devices , pharmaceuticals and recently covid rapid-test kits . as a controls design engineer , you play a key part in the aerospec equipment development process . the controls design engineer works with customers , suppliers and the other aerospec engineers to create a clean-sheet of paper controls solution that enables a high precision , high speed solution for our customers . this engineering position is challenging and full of new technologies to learn . you will mentor other engineers and electrical technicians . \r\n responsibilities : kforce has a client seeking a web application developer in miami , fl . duties : develop , test , maintain and support applications analyze and troubleshoot software problems and recommend viable solutions support existing infrastructure and develop new technologies focus primarily on new cutting-edge technology developments to meet market standards develop and maintain new web applications customized for client based on business and technical requirements established by the team leader using clients coding standards including it standards for security & compliance including development for mobile site application , as well as applications for android and apple devices kforce is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer . all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race , color , religion , sex , pregnancy , sexual orientation , gender identity , national origin , age , protected veteran status , or disability status . \r\n digital marketing specialist with an aggressive growth plan in place , we are seeking an individual who is familiar with digital lead generation and the tools used to implement it . you will be working closely with our 3rd party digital and marketing communication providers to implement our digital strategy through our external website , social media presence and marketing automation platform . we manufacture and fabricate many technical products both in the us and with our global partners . we are seeking an individual who is comfortable liaising throughout the organization , whether this is on the production floor , talking to our sales team or organizing executives for case studies . \r\n job description : are you an experienced it professional looking for your next opportunity to make a difference ? if so , we want you to apply to join the oregon medical group team as a senior network engineer , to assist us in fulfilling our vision of 'together , we help you live your healthiest life . ' purpose of position : the senior network engineer ( sne ) is responsible for activities related to the design , installation , management , and maintenance of the enterprise-wide lan , wan , wireless and network security infrastructure . the sne will maintain network availability , reliability and performance that conform to all service level agreements . the sne provides support for all windows and linux environments including resolving systems related issues escalated from the service desk . this position will establish enterprise data network standards , analyze and resolve complex network related problems , and analyze and test all elements of the network infrastructure . the sne will design and implement network solutions based on business requirements . this position requires technical knowledge and experience in monitoring , security , backup , recovery , and maintaining an enterprise datacenter . analyzes trends and assists in design and development of network plans . interfaces with vendors to learn about new data communications technology and system upgrades . \r\n automation engineer techlab , inc. develops , manufactures , and distributes medical diagnostic tests . this company places emphasis on science and collaboration with universities . we are looking to add a automation engineer to our team . an employee in this position can expect to perform the following duties : project and time management recommending , designing , simulating , programming , and operational testing of electrical or mechanical automation maintain , repair and troubleshooting of automation system controls , including but not limited to : motors , drives , plc , user interfaces and robotic systems \r\n 