@ 
 Overview Alliant is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join its Data Science team to build predictive machine learning models and perform customer segmentation. The ideal candidate will be data-curious and willing to participate with a team driven to provide direct and digital marketing clients with innovative, profit-building solutions. The successful candidate will have a wide-range of experience building machine learning models and presenting the results to marketing teams and senior management. Additionally, candidates should be highly experienced with Python, SAS, large-scale databases, web analytics and data manipulation. This position will report to the Vice President of Data Science and become a key contributor to a skilled predictive modeling and analytics team. Principal Responsibilities:'@ 
 Riverside Research is seeking a Scientist or Engineer with a general background in machine learning and artificial intelligence and a focus on human-machine teaming and user interfaces, to join a dynamic, growth-focused Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Lab. The Lab performs research and development focused on providing solutions to the Defense and Intelligence Communities. As a key member of our Open Innovation Center, the scientist or engineer will execute as well as assist in growing opportunities with government research organizations (e.g. DARPA, IARPA, service labs, etc.), perform on our corporate-wide Independent Research & Development (IR&D) efforts in artificial intelligence and machine learning, manage existing R&D contracts, and transition technology into our other business units. The scientist or engineer will work with team members located in the Dayton OH, Washington DC, New York City, and Boston office locations while reporting to the Director of the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Lab of the Open Innovation Center Business Unit.'@ 
 Control Systems Project Engineer Location: Eagle Mountain, Utah Experience: 5+ Years Relocation/Signing Bonus Offered. Data Center Development will be Huge Over the Next 20 Years! Join a world class automation engineering firm! Thermo Systems seeks energetic team members who strive to succeed and make a difference in a fast-paced, hands-on, engineering environment. Our greatest asset is our team and we work hard to create a rewarding environment. Be part of something unique; excel and enjoy.'@ 
 NIDEC-SHIMPO AMERICA is a leading global manufacturer of high precision gearing technologies for motion control applications. Established in 1952, NIDEC-SHIMPO is based out of Kyoto, Japan with manufacturing facilities throughout the Asia-Pacific, Europe and North America . With traditional roots that began imbedded in the development of mechanical variable speed drives, NIDEC-SHIMPO has grown and evolved into a manufacturer of several gearing technologies that cover a wide range of applications. Our products help drive the most productive equipment in the world. NIDEC-SHIMPO AMERICA has been supporting the North American market for over 40 years out of our facility in Glendale Heights, Illinois. We are continuously expanding our resources and capabilities to facilitate our long-term growth plans for North America. We are seeking a highly motivated, self-driven Application Engineer that has the ability to perform in a dynamic environment. The primary responsibility of the person in this position will be to assist and support existing and potential customers in the selection, application and commissioning of the proper precision gearing products that deliver the optimum solution for the customer\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas machine and process applications. To further leverage their product knowledge, this individual will organize, create and provide the information, tools and training necessary for the effective sales and support of NIDEC-SHIMPO products in the market. In addition to directly supporting our customers and sales team, the applications engineer will provide valuable feedback to the company management and R&D organization to enhance existing products and develop appropriate new products for the target customer markets.'@ 
 Live Free Armory is a growing company in the defense and aerospace manufacturing industry. We are looking for someone who wants to build a career that revolves around quality and pride in their work. The CNC operator deals with operating high dollar milling and lathe machines. It involves minor programming, standing on your feet all day, and repetitive work. You must be able to pass a drug test and background check. Since we work with proprietary designs and products, you must also be willing to sign a nondisclosure agreement. This is a weekend position. Friday, Saturday and Sunday from 5 am to 6 pm. Three 13 hour shifts with an hour lunch but 40 hours paid per week. It is the perfect position for someone in college. You will work 36 hours and get paid for 40. Live Free Armory has many opportunities for advancement and focuses on growing our employees within the company. For example, these potential positions can include becoming a skilled machinist, shift supervisor, project lead, quality engineer, or manufacturing engineer.'@ 
 Are you looking for a controls engineering career that challenges you to create innovative designs utilizing the latest robotic, computer, vision, and other control technologies? AeroSpec is committed to designing and developing industry leading automation equipment solutions. We enable customers across the globe to manufacture their products with sub-micron precision, in volumes of tens of thousands per day with unparallel guaranteed of product safety and reliability. AeroSpec has delivered automation and robotics that builds missiles, satellites, airbags, photonics components, semi components, probe cards, consumer products, surgical devices, pharmaceuticals and recently COVID rapid-test kits. As a controls design engineer, you play a key part in the AeroSpec equipment development process. The controls design engineer works with customers, suppliers and the other AeroSpec engineers to create a clean-sheet of paper controls solution that enables a high precision, high speed solution for our customers. This engineering position is challenging and full of new technologies to learn. You will mentor other engineers and electrical technicians.'@ 
 Altran is the world leader in engineering and R&D services. We offer our clients a unique value proposition to meet their transformation and innovation challenges. We support our clients, from concept through industrialization, to develop the products and services of tomorrow and have been working for more than 35 years with major players in many sectors: automotive, aeronautics, space, defense & naval, rail, infrastructure & transportation, industrial & consumer products, life sciences, communications, semiconductor & electronics, software & internet, finance & public sector. Altran has more than 50,000 employees operating in over 30 countries. In April 2020, we became part of Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. Visit us at www.altran.com Responsibilities In this role you will develop flight control algorithms, implement software, and test closed-loop performance for the Prime Air drone. The ideal candidate will have fundamental knowledge of simulation, dynamics, aerodynamics, design and analysis with practical real-life implementation experience.'@ 
 Software Engineering Manager Greenville, SC Office Lima One Capital, LLC is searching for an Engineering Manager with 5 years\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaa experience in software development. The Engineering Manager will be responsible for the design and oversight of all enterprise-wide technology solutions and the development and management of technical staff. Our ideal candidate has a thorough understanding of enterprise business applications, solutions architecture, and frameworks. As a leader of technical staff at Lima One Capital, the ideal candidate should also act as an advocate for the professional development of staff. This role will work closely with product managers to develop solutions for a wide range of industry-leading lending products. This position will report directly to the Director of Technology. Responsibilities Technical leadership and advising on solutions across the organization'@ 
 
 
 b"About Us: Ezoic is an Artificial Intelligence company that works with thousands of online publishers, 
 helping them use machine learning to make smart decisions about the layouts, advertisements and features 
 that users see. These publishers range from individuals to small and medium-sized companies. We have our 
 headquarters in Carlsbad, CA, with a team of very smart free-thinking individuals. Ezoic is a VC-backed 
 startup that is growing quickly. It's a unique opportunity to both be part of a revolutionary product in 
 its earlier stages and work on something that already touches hundreds of millions of people month. About 
 You: You must be a tech-savvy professional who enjoys learning about new technologies and solving problems. T
 his is a fast-moving engineering role where you will be able to work on core products and develop designs and 
 functionality from scratch. You must enjoy collaborating with other smart engineers, creating scalable solutions 
 to improve publishers' digital properties."@ 
 
 
 b"Plastipak Packaging is a global industry leader in the design, manufacturing, and recycling of plastic rigid containers. Our list of customers include some of the worlds most recognized and respected brands such as Procter & Gamble, Kraft Foods and Pepsi, just to name a few. Our commitment to our employees is demonstrated in numerous awards for innovation, environmental sustainability, and corporate citizenship. Plastipak follows industry leading protocols to address COVID-19, including regular disinfection, electrostatic cleaning and temperature sensing kiosks at most locations. We strictly adhere to all CDC guidelines to provide a safe working environment for our associates and visitors; including face coverings, social distancing, and hand sanitizer stations. Named one of America's Best Employers in Michigan by Forbes in 2020, Plastipak offers many great benefits, including:"@ 
 As a ServiceNow Software Engineer II, you will be a solution engineer working to develop, design and own technical solutions on the ServiceNow platform using good practice programming techniques and SCRUM/Agile methodologies. Serve You Rx helps employers who sponsor health plans and the consumers who are members of those plans save money on prescription drugs by offering pharmacy benefit management and the services of our self-owned and operated mail and specialty pharmacies. We have a great culture and benefits to include paid time off, and opportunities for advancement. We are excited to add a motivated self-starter to our team of smart and hard-working Information Technology professionals. Position Summary Under general supervision, this position is responsible for architecture, design, and development of software to include requirements analysis, software design, coding, software integration, testing, debug, and maintenance. The Software Engineer II may consult directly with clients and customers to determine business needs. This position handles a variety of work including moderately complex issues using good practice programming techniques and SCRUM/Agile methodologies.'@ 
 For over 70 years, we have been designing and building high performance, commercial quality products. From our humble beginnings in Japan with a simple hand-held crop duster, we have grown to become a technological leader and well-respected global brand. Today the company sells its products in North America through eight distributors managing 6,600 independent dealers. An additional 24 Latin American distributors sell ECHO products through a variety of channels. ECHO products can be found in Home Depot stores in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Puerto Rico. The position is an individual contributor role reporting to the application development manager. The successful candidate will be part of a team to design and develop business applications(internal, B2B, B2C) using .Net technology. Individual must be a team player, quick learner, and must be able to demonstrate a high degree of initiative to solve business problems.'@ 
 We are looking for the right person to fit our team. The majority of our work is in WordPress CMS but we do branch out into other SPA sites and custom programming. The *right* individual is self-motivated and loves to learn/keep up with technology and trends. You have the ability to meet (virtually) with clients and provide solutions and insights. You can balance multiple projects and deliver on-time. You have a desire to create clean-looking projects. Front End experience and development are a must! Skills Problem Solving! The ability to break down the complex into simple solutions Expert with HTML, PHP, Javascript, jQuery, CSS, bootstrap'@ 
 UCB is looking for an experienced Ontario TCS (CUBS) Application Developer to join our team. This individual will work on our CUBS application development projects at UCB to ensure quality projects are delivered on time and meet the needs of UCB business units and clients. This person will be responsible for performing various roles including coding, unit testing, QA and documentation. This person will work with the EVP Technology.  Required Qualifications: 2+ years\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaa experience in Ontario TCS/CUBS development'@ 

 Overview: THE CENTECH GROUP, Inc. (CENTECH\xef\xbf\xbd) is seeking a Senior Software Engineer to become a member of a dynamic and fast paced development team, extending and maintaining a commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) product for the federal government. The COTS product is built using Microsoft technology stack. Deep understanding of Microsoft technologies, especially .NET Framework, C#, ASP.NET (Web Form) and SQL Server is necessary. Candidates must have the ability to be a quick starter, good communicator, able to work in a small team setting, accept technical direction, and work with minimal oversight.  The successful candidate is expected to be a self-starter and quickly ramp up to speed and be able to work independently with limited guidance. Excellent communication and presentation skill are essential for this role.  This is a full-time position;   Responsibilities: Qualifications:'@ 
 Position Description EDC Corporation is currently seeking a software developer to join our growing development and customer support team. The chosen candidate will be responsible for new feature development, product testing, and client support in a collaborative environment. Work with Mobile, Responsive Web Design, License Plate Recognition, RDBMS, high performance scalable web sites and other exciting technologies as we expand into a new downtown office in Syracuse NY. Visit https://www.aimsparking.com for more information. Responsibilities Perform responsive, web based software development and integration, within an agile development process'@ 
 CastleBranch is seeking a PHP Developer to join their Engineering team. The Software Developer will be responsible for programming and analysis, including coding modifications, maintenance and updating of software, debugging and documenting programs under the direction of team manager. This role also provides input and planning for future development, and leads project team.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Designs, analyzes, and documents new and existing applications, with the detail needed to instruct others. Experience with Laravel PHP framework'@ 
 At TreviPay, we help clients grow by streamlining B2B payments through a combination of innovative technology, service expertise, and working capital to improve their customer\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas experience and free up funding for growth. We facilitate $6 billion in transactions per year in 18 currencies for customers in more than 27 countries. We specialize in payment and credit management for B2B companies across the globe, setting the stage for the future of omni-channel B2B payments by extending terms, handling invoicing and managing collections. We take care of our clients by taking care of their customers.  Every day, TreviPay employees are challenged and empowered in a supportive, collaborative, entrepreneurial environment.  Are you ready to make an immediate impact by engineering the platform that continues to drive our unprecedented growth? Credit as a Service (CaaS) is exploding in popularity \xef\xbf\xbd\xef\xbf\xbd\xef\xbf\xbd we need your help to build and scale it!'@ 
 Software Developer - Web Corporate Headquarters 12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158  Develop custom solutions and enjoy a great career at Uline. Bring your extensive skillset to a place ready to employ every facet of it. Collaborate on customer-facing and internal projects among a team of dedicated fellow developers.  Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.  Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.'@ 
 Job Overview & Purpose: The Developer I role is important to the success of AmpliFund as a key member of the software development team and reports directly to the Manager of Software Development. Our development roles work together with the product and sales teams and positively contribute to the software design, architecture, implementation, and testing of the applications that exist across multiple product offerings within the AmpliFund suite of products. Our team uses Agile principles that are based on the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) to achieve our set goals. Essential Job Duties: Design, architecture, implementation, and testing of software applications  AmpliFund provides grants managements software to the public sector as well as large non-profits and education organizations. We see each day the difference our products make in the lives of individuals. If building software that improves lives is something you are interested in, contact us to apply.'@ 
 Legacy Home and Ryan Studio are wholesale manufacturers of luxury home furnishings including bedding, sheeting, draperies, and decorative pillows and are seeking an experienced Marketing Coordinator. Qualified candidates will be creative self starters will the ability to effectively manage multiple ongoing projects in a fast paced environment. Responsibilities will include: Creation and maintenance of sales materials including sampling, price lists and marketing collateral Website updates and maintenance E-mail newsletters and social media'@ 
 b"It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing! We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business. POSITION DESCRIPTION: Oversees, implements, supports and monitors a group of Creatives to effectively achieve project and departmental goals. Work directly with Senior Advertising Executive to identify opportunities to maintain or improve final results among all efforts. Works in collaboration with internal customers and provides creative direction team on assigned projects. Leads development of AEP marketing materials including those required in MOTA committee and ensures CMS deadlines are reached.  RESPONSIBILITIES In charge of managing internal client petitions. 1. Lead MOTA meeting and follow-up on weekly status from all internal departments 2. Lead AEP materials creation along internal departments, ranging from product communication, book covers, enrollment forms, sales presentations and any other material needed to support enrollment period 3. Distribute jobs and manage the flow of day-to-day operations according to corporate priorities. 4. Keeps a clear record and tracks all creative work developed internally 5. Establishes priorities for the Creative Team in order to meet deadlines. 6. Identifies team\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas potential and assign jobs accordingly. 7. Provide clear instructions to team members. 8. Work closely with the Marketing Specialist in order to ensure all efforts are within CMS Marketing Guidelines. 9. Works closely with the Business Solutions Department in requesting quotes, sharing final artwork, selecting appropriate materials and final distribution of petitions handled by the Marketing Department as well as petitions from internal clients. 10. Receives invoices, handles check requests and prepares New-Vendor forms as needed 11. Other duties as assigned"@ 
 About JLG, an Oshkosh company JLG began in 1969, when our founder, John L. Grove set out to resolve growing safety concerns in the construction industry. Since then we have been committed to understanding the challenges and delivering innovative solutions to the access market. We partner with customers to provide quality equipment, training opportunities and trusted support within the access industry. We are a global company, and our products\xef\xbf\xbd\xef\xbf\xbd\xef\xbf\xbdincluding mobile elevating work platforms, telehandlers, utility vehicles and accessories\xef\xbf\xbd\xef\xbf\xbd\xef\xbf\xbdcan be found all over the world. JOB SUMMARY: The Data Scientist responsibilities include working through the entire data science lifecycle with an emphasis on applying their data mining and predictive modeling expertise. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential, along with a deep curiosity and passion for research. The role will include mentoring other members of the Advanced Analytics & Insights team. This role will be responsible for preparing and delivering the results of their analysis. The ultimate goal of this role will be to help the company utilize data and analytics to generate business value.'@ 
 b"At Noom, we use scientifically proven methods to help our users create healthier lifestyles, and manage important conditions like Type-II Diabetes, Obesity, and Hypertension. Our Engineering team is at the forefront of this challenge, solving complex technical and UX problems on our mobile apps that center around habits, behavior, and lifestyle.  We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Data team and help us ensure that we apply the best approaches to data analysis and research, artificial intelligence, and machine learning.  What You'll Like About Us: We work on problems that affect the lives of real people. Our users depend on us to make positive changes to their health and their lives."@ 
 b"Join our award-winning A-Team! Ready to produce exceptional results with exceptional people? Get in touch, we would love to get to know you. Affinitiv is the largest provider of end-to-end, data-driven marketing and software solutions exclusively focused on the automotive customer lifecycle. Backed by 20+ years of automotive and marketing expertise, we pride ourselves on being the go-to experts in the industry. Not only do we work with over 6,500 dealerships and every major manufacturer in the country, we're well-versed in OEM standards and the intricacies of a dealership or group's local business. At Affinitiv, data is central to our decision-making process and analysts are essential in promoting data-driven culture in all our operations. As a SQL Data Analyst, you will be on the ground floor with your team, shaping the way product performance is measured, defining what questions should be asked, and scaling analytics methods and tools to support our growing business. You will provide the evidence needed to support high-quality, high-velocity decisions for our team. The Data Analyst will report to the Lead Data Scientist and will be a member of the Strategy and Analytics team."@ 
 b"Join our award-winning A-Team! Ready to produce exceptional results with exceptional people? Get in touch, we would love to get to know you. Affinitiv is the largest provider of end-to-end, data-driven marketing and software solutions exclusively focused on the automotive customer lifecycle. Backed by 20+ years of automotive and marketing expertise, we pride ourselves on being the go-to experts in the industry. Not only do we work with over 6,500 dealerships and every major manufacturer in the country, we're well-versed in OEM standards and the intricacies of a dealership or group's local business. At Affinitiv, data is central to our decision-making process and analysts are essential in promoting data-driven culture in all our operations. As a SQL Data Analyst, you will be on the ground floor with your team, shaping the way product performance is measured, defining what questions should be asked, and scaling analytics methods and tools to support our growing business. You will provide the evidence needed to support high-quality, high-velocity decisions for our team. The Data Analyst will report to the Lead Data Scientist and will be a member of the Strategy and Analytics team."@ 
 We are engineers, high line workers, power plant managers, accountants, electricians, project coordinators, risk analysts, customer service operators, community representatives, safety and security specialists, communicators, human resources partners, information technology technicians and much, much more. We are 3,300 people committed to enhancing the lives of the communities we serve. Together, we are powering the growth and success of our community progress every day!  Grade: 14, 15, 16  Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.'@ 
 NexImmune is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a novel approach to immunotherapy designed to employ the body\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas own T cells to generate a specific, potent, and durable immune response that mimics natural biology. We are seeking highly skilled and motivated individuals to join an entrepreneurial team of experienced professionals dedicated to science, patients and addressing diseases with significant unmet need. We are a company with an uncompromising commitment to shared values, a strong work ethic, and respect for individuals. We set clear expectations, empower people to succeed, and reward results. Our executive team, Board of Directors, and investors include several successful industry veterans committed to building an exceptional company capable of transforming the field of immunotherapy. The backbone of NexImmune\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas approach is its proprietary Artificial Immune Modulation (AIMTM) nanoparticle technology platform. The AIM technology enables NexImmune to construct nanoparticles that function as synthetic dendritic cells capable of directing a specific T cell-mediated immune response. By mimicking natural T cell biology, NexImmune\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas T cell product candidates are designed to combine the attributes of cellular precision, potency, and persistence with reduced potential for undesired toxicities.'@ 
 A career with MilliporeSigma is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 57,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in healthcare, life science and performance materials. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others. MilliporeSigma is a business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. Your Role: MilliporeSigma is seeking a Technology Transfer Scientist for the Carlsbad Viral Vector Manufacturing Facility to serve as an SME for transferring bioprocesses to cGMP production. This individual will work within a team ensuring readiness for cGMP viral vector production. Work with the process development team as required to define and scale-up production process unit operations that are robust, repeatable, and cGMP compliant.'@ 
 Clearance Required: Top Secret Education Required: BA/BS or HS/GED and Equivalent Work Experience US Citizenship: Required The MIL Corporation is now hiring! Let your imagination take flight supporting the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD). Looking to find work that stimulates your mind, challenges your skills, and satisfies your curiosity? MIL currently holds several multi-year contracts with NAWCAD in the areas of Cyber, C5ISR, and Information Technology systems. is seeking a to support a Federal Government client at our Patuxent River, MD location. The Network Engineer will provide support to the MQ-25 program and interface with RDT&E and other support organizations. The Network Engineer will apply system engineering and computer networking principles to the development, design and integration of hardware and software systems associated with local, regional and wide area networks and systems that process and route voice, video, data, and imagery information.'@ 
 JOB SUMMARY: The Network Administrator role is to assist the Network Engineer in ensuring the stability and integrity of in-house data, voice-over-IP, and wireless network services. This is achieved by participating in the installation, monitoring, maintenance, support, and optimization of all networks (LANs) and wide area networks (WANs) across the organization. This individual will also analyze and resolve network hardware and software problems in a timely and accurate fashion, and provide end user training where required.  Minimum knowledge, skills, and abilities:  2-3 years related experience or equivalent combination of education and/or training.  Location: Pella Regional Health Center \xef\xbf\xbd\xef\xbf\xbd Information Systems Schedule: Full Time, Days, 8-5'@ 
 b"Looking for a opportunity in a growing company that appreciates both it's employees and clients? AIT Business Technologies, LLC, a locally-owned, non-franchise, and reputable IT consulting firm is seeking a new member to join our team of IT professionals. We are a firm that values relationships with our clients and employees alike. Duties include remote and on-site support, troubleshooting, engineering, and installation of equipment and software for businesses in and around the Appleton, WI area. The ideal candidate is professional, outgoing, and knowledgeable in the following core technologies: Microsoft Windows Server 2008/2012/2016/2019"@ 
 Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future ManTech is seeking a Senior Juniper Network Engineer to join our MCIA team supporting our growing Marine Corps programs in Quantico, VA. ManTech International Corporation provides innovative engineering and systems integration services that help our customers solve their toughest, most intractable problems. National defense and homeland security clients depend on our rapid, cost-effective development of adaptable, interoperable, integrated solutions that provide high performance in quick-response scenarios. This position requires an active DoD TS/SCI clearance General Responsibilities:'@ 
 The Network Project Engineer\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas purpose is to attain a high level of client satisfaction as a strategic technical resource within the organization responsible for successful onsite project delivery and service support of our networking and cybersecurity product portfolio. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Works through project tickets in PSA as assigned. Works through service tickets in PSA as assigned. Escalates engineering, service or project issues that cannot be completed within agreed service levels. Interfaces with vendor / manufacturer technical personnel for client problems that cannot be resolved effectively.'@ 
 SkySilk Cloud Services is an up-and-coming cloud computing services provider. We are a small, yet quickly growing team of tech-heads working on building a product to help developers, students, businesses, and more work more efficiently on the internet through the use of virtual servers. This is an exciting time in our company and an opportunity to join our team on the ground floor. We are looking for an experienced enterprising network engineer II who will be able to maintain, control, and develop actionable plans to execute our go forward strategy for all networking topologies. The individual hired will have the opportunity to work with our team of qualified network engineers and administrators on various projects & initiatives. This position is key to developing the engineering platform, automation, continuous integration, and developing the technology roadmap.'@ 
 b"Network Engineer- CCNP required Boca Raton, FL, USA Req #265 Tuesday, February 9, 2021 Since 1923, NCCI has been committed to fostering a healthy workers compensation system. We are the nation's trusted source for accurate, objective workers compensation information. Learn about how you can contribute to our company's success in the following position: WHAT YOU WILL DO IN THIS POSITION: You will be responsible for the design and strategic planning of the network and voice communications architecture including hardware and virtualized components in the data center and cloud providers. Research and implement technology solutions that increase productivity and provide better service to internal and external customers. Evaluate vendor technologies and solutions for implementation in an enterprise IT environment."@ 
 Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaall help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement. Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented DCGS-A Fixed GEOINT Systems Administrator to join our team in Hawaii at Ft. Shafter. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Ensures full mission capability for the Imagery Exploitation Capability which includes the NGA IEC server segment.'@ 
 Network Engineer Corporate Headquarters 12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158  Bring your Cisco network and data center experience to a talented team that\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas revolutionizing our infrastructure with next-gen, software-defined technologies. At Uline, develop real solutions and your career.  Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.  Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.               #LI-SR1 #CORP'@ 
 At Farm Credit Mid-America, we believe people are our strongest asset. We are consistently looking to hire individuals from a wide range of experience and capabilities who have a desire to serve. Currently, we have over 1,400 employees across Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee. BASIC FUNCTION: The Security Engineer is responsible for establishing and maintaining a program to ensure information assets are adequately protected. This position reports to and works under the direction of the Chief Security Officer and provides Farm Credit Mid-America (FCMA) with information security strategy, controls, objectives, standards, risk assessments, management processes and technology procedures to ensure that FCMA information assets are adequately protected with acceptable levels of control. These controls enable the business to operate efficiently, cost-effectively and in compliance with regulatory and industry best practices.'@ 
 PTS, working with a leading refiner, is currently seeking a Network Engineer for a long-term assignment in Bartlesville, OK. Responsibilities Overseeing the execution of network standards in the refining and midstream businesses. Acting as a project escalation for technical decisions. Implementing and troubleshooting Cisco LAN/WAN. Working directly with customers to provide cost estimates and design for projects. Documenting processes, optimizing day-to-day operational stability with the continual need to improve the service and deploy new services, processes and technologies.  Position Requirements Basic/Required  Preferred'@ 
 Category: Information Technology Location: Redondo Beach, California US Citizenship Required for this Position: Yes Clearance Type: Top Secret Telecommute: No \xef\xbf\xbd\xef\xbf\xbd\xef\xbf\xbdTeleworking not available for this position Shift: 1st Shift Travel Required: Yes, 10 % of the Time Positions Available: 1'@ 
 Eaton\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas Commercial and Residential Distribution Solutions (CRDS) Division is currently seeking a Lead DevOps Engineer to join our team. This position is based at our Peachtree City, GA facility. Relocation assistance will be provided. Position Overview: Eaton\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas Commercial and Residential Distribution Solutions has an opening for a Lead DevOps Engineer for our Residential Connected Solutions team. The Lead DevOps Engineer will be leading the design & development of secure, scalable, and reliable cloud infrastructure solutions to support high availability software and services for IOT solutions in the residential market. We are looking for a DevOps Engineer who can develop next-generation technology solutions that ensure that our users have reliable access software solutions including mobile apps, IOT devices, and web services. As a member of a creative, motivated, and talented team, we need versatile engineers who are passionate to tackle new problems as we continue to push technology forward. If you get excited about building new things and modernizing existing things, then our team might be your next career step.'@ 
 b"Work with our team of developers and our customers to create, test and automate our application environments. You are experienced with modern hosting technologies and understand how the Internet works. The systems you create help our developers work better, faster and make our applications more reliable. Your work is well organized and adaptable to many different situations and you choose the right tools for the job. You want to be part of the most innovative Midwest digital agency.  Mission: You will be tasked with creating modern and reliable development, test and production environments for the software we implement. In many cases you will work with peers on our customers' teams who need help building, monitoring and maintaining these environments. Your expertise helps everyone stay focused on what they know best and adds value to the solutions we provide. Although modern hosting technologies are great, you understand what's going on under the hood and help advise and troubleshoot issues with other members of our team. You prefer open source tech like Linux and Vagrant but are OK with the occasional Microsoft environment. When not busy with projects you will help maintain our internal infrastructure and tools."@ 
 IdentityNow is SailPoint\xef\xbf\xbd\xdb\xaas Identity as a Service (IDaaS) product, and the Sr. DevOps Engineer will be a key player on the DevOps team servicing the IdentityNow product suite. He/She will proactively work with Engineering, Product, Services, and other functional departments to implement and operate our global customer-facing SaaS infrastructure. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter who enjoys a fast-paced job, thrives on problem solving, and is committed to delivering seamless product availability to large enterprises around the world. Responsibilities: Build and maintain a resilient, secure, and efficient SaaS application platform to meet established SLAs Automate deployment, monitoring, management and incident response'@ 
 Sierra7 is seeking an Automation Test Engineer to join a team providing full DEVOPS lifecycle support and services to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). This program will consolidate, reengineer, and sustain a suite of Veteran-facing processes. The qualified candidate will be a qualified test engineer with at least 5 years of experience creating tests and test software to verify system operation and security and must have at least 2 years of test case automation and Selenium experience. The candidate will be responsible for understanding how to properly document test cases and create effective test plans; creating practical demonstrations of proposed solutions; define clear goals for all aspects of a product test and develop steps for proper execution. The candidate must have experience in the coordination and execution of test events in accordance with approved test plans, procedures, and scripts. Must have knowledge and skills to ensure that test environments are set up accurately. Must be able to create test reports. The automation test engineer must be able to test IT hardware, software, systems, and networks.'@ 
 This position is for a Operations Engineer for the UCRS Project. The preson will be responsible for day to day operations and support for the system. JOB RESPONSIBILITES Deploy and maintain critical applications on cloud architecture. Implement automation, effective monitoring tools. Develop and maintain solutions for operational administration, system/data backup, disaster recovery, and security/performance monitoring. Manage our continuous integration and delivery pipeline to maximize efficiency. Support and work alongside a cross-functional engineering team. Sustain and improve the process of knowledge sharing throughout the engineering team.'@ 
 In support of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) and its mission to accelerate the prevention and treatment of cancer, we will be supporting the management and execution of IT projects and services sponsored by the NCI Center of Biomedical Informatics and Information Technology (CBIIT). Below are the primary responsibilities and basic qualifications of the DevOps Engineer who supports IT projects: Roles/Responsibilities: Setting up AWS basic services. VPCs, VPNs, static routing etc. Performance and Availability Monitoring Bash scripting'